Congressional Record Volume 170, Issue 144



[Daily Digest]
[Pages D889-D890]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                                        Tuesday, September 17, 2024

[[Page D889]]

                              Daily Digest

                                 Senate


Chamber Action
Routine Proceedings, pages S6071-S6110
Measures Introduced: Seventeen bills and two resolutions were 
introduced, as follows: S. 5060-5076, and S. Res. 822-823.   
  Page S6097
Measures Reported:
  S. 3348, to amend the Harmful Algal Blooms and Hypoxia Research and 
Control Act of 1998 to address harmful algal blooms, with an amendment 
in the nature of a substitute.
  S. 4212, to amend the Visit America Act to promote music tourism, 
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
  S. 4343, to establish and maintain a coordinated program within the 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration that improves wildfire, 
fire weather, fire risk, and smoke related forecasting, detection, 
modeling, observations, and service delivery, and to address growing 
needs in the wildland-urban interface, with an amendment in the nature 
of a substitute.                                             
Page S6097
Measures Passed:
  Southern Border Transparency Act:  Committee on the Judiciary was 
discharged from further consideration of S. 3187, to require the 
Department of Homeland Security to publish various publications and 
reports regarding the number of aliens seeking entry along the southern 
border of the United States, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                         Pages S6085-86
  National Hispanic-Serving Institutions Week:  Committee on Health, 
Education, Labor, and Pensions was discharged from further 
consideration of S. Res. 815, designating the week beginning on 
September 9, 2024, as ``National Hispanic-Serving Institutions Week'', 
and the resolution was then agreed to.                       
  Page S6109
  Hispanic Heritage Month:  Senate agreed to S. Res. 823, recognizing 
Hispanic Heritage Month and celebrating the heritage and culture of 
Latinos in the United States and the immense contributions of Latinos 
to the United States.                                        
  Page S6109
Measures Considered:
Right to IVF Act: Senate resumed consideration of the motion to proceed 
to consideration of S. 4445, to protect and expand nationwide access to 
fertility treatment, including in vitro fertilization.   
  Pages S6075-84
  During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the 
following action:
  Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to the motion to reconsider 
the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the motion to proceed to 
consideration of the bill on June 13, 2024.                  
Page S6078
  Senate agreed to the motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture 
was not invoked on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill 
on June 13, 2024.                                            
Page S6078
  By 51 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 242), three-fifths of those Senators 
duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate upon 
reconsideration rejected the motion to close further debate on the 
motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.              
Page S6078
Jenkins Nomination--Cloture: Senate began consideration of the 
nomination of Rose E. Jenkins, of the District of Columbia, to be a 
Judge of the United States Tax Court.                    
  Pages S6084-85
  A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, 
in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of 
the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the 
nomination of Michelle Williams Court, of California, to be United 
States District Judge for the Central District of California. 
                                                             Page S6085
  Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Senate took the 
following action:
  Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legislative Session. 
                                                             Page S6075
  Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Executive Session to 
consider the nomination.                                     
Page S6084
Pennell Nomination--Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was 
reached providing that the motion to invoke cloture with respect to the 
nomination of Rebecca L. Pennell, of Washington, to be United States 
District Judge for the Eastern District of Washington, be withdrawn. 
                                                             Page S6091

[[Page D890]]

Court Nomination--Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached 
providing that Senate resume consideration of the nomination of 
Michelle Williams Court, of California, to be United States District 
Judge for the Central District of California, at approximately 10 a.m., 
on Wednesday, September 18, 2024; and that the motion to invoke cloture 
with respect to the nomination ripen at 11:45 a.m.           
  Page S6110
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the following nomination:
  By 52 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. EX. 243), Mary Kathleen Costello, of 
Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern 
District of Pennsylvania.                                    
Page S6085
  During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the 
following action:
  By 54 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. EX. 241), Senate agreed to the motion 
to close further debate on the nomination.               
Pages S6074-75
Messages from the House:                                     
  Page S6071
Measures Referred:                                           
  Page S6095
Measures Read the First Time:                        
  Pages S6095, S6109
Executive Communications:                                    
  Page S6095
Additional Cosponsors:                                   
  Pages S6097-99
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions:           
  Pages S6099-S6100
Additional Statements:                                   
  Pages S6094-95
Amendments Submitted:                                    
  Pages S6101-02
Authorities for Committees to Meet:                          
  Page S6109
Privileges of the Floor:                                     
  Page S6109
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total--243) 
                                           Pages S6074-75, S6078, S6085
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 7:34 p.m., 
until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, September 18, 2024. (For Senate's program, 
see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today's Record on page 
S6110.)








[Daily Digest]
[Pages D890-D891]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

Committee Meetings
(Committees not listed did not meet)
NOMINATIONS
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine 
the nominations of Lieutenant General Randall Reed, USAF, to be general 
and Commander, United States Transportation Command, and Lieutenant 
General Xavier T. Brunson, USA, to be general and Commander, United 
Nations Command/Combined Forces Command/United States Forces Korea, who 
was introduced by Representative Strickland, both of the Department of 
Defense, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their 
own behalf.
PRIVATE STUDENT LENDING AND SERVICING MARKET
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Subcommittee on 
Financial Institutions and Consumer Protection concluded a hearing to 
examine risks and harm in the private student lending and servicing 
market, including S. 4686, to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to 
require the disclosure of the annual percentage rates applicable to 
Federal student loans, and S. 2949, to require the Secretary of Defense 
to complete a data matching agreement with the Secretary of Education 
in order to ensure individuals who are current or former active-duty 
military service members or civilian employees and are otherwise 
eligible for assistance under the public service loan forgiveness 
program have their periods of employment automatically certified and 
counted towards the public service loan forgiveness program, after 
receiving testimony from Aissa Canchola Banez, Student Borrower 
Protection Center, and Beth Akers, American Enterprise Institute, both 
of Washington, D.C.; and Dalie Jimenez, University of California School 
of Law, Irvine.
LOWERING HEALTH CARE COSTS
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine lowering 
health care costs for Americans, focusing on the Inflation Reduction 
Act, after receiving testimony from Jeanne M. Lambrew, The Century 
Foundation, New York, New York; Rena Conti, Boston University Questrom 
School of Business, Boston, Massachusetts; Kirsten Axelsen, American 
Enterprise Institute, and Theo Merkel, Paragon Health Institute and 
Manhattan Institute, both of Washington, D.C.; and Judith Aiken, 
Portland, Maine.
NATIONAL SECURITY
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine the national security risks of replacing 
nonpartisan civil servants with political appointees, focusing on 
ensuring a trustworthy government, after receiving testimony from 
Elaine C. Duke, former Acting Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security; 
Peter Levine, former Acting Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel 
and Readiness; and Jenny Mattingley, Partnership for Public Service, 
and Thomas Devine, Government Accountability Project, both of 
Washington, D.C.
HATE CRIMES
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine 
stemming the tide of hate crimes in America, after receiving testimony 
from Maya M.

[[Page D891]]

Berry, Arab American Institute, Washington, D.C.; Kenneth S. Stern, 
Bard Center for the Study of Hate, New York, New York; and Rabbi Mark 
Goldfeder, National Jewish Advocacy Center, Atlanta, Georgia.
AI OVERSIGHT
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and 
the Law concluded an oversight hearing to examine AI, focusing on 
insiders' perspectives, after receiving testimony from Helen Toner, 
Georgetown University Center for Security and Emerging Technology, 
Washington, D.C.; William Saunders, OpenAI, and David Evan Harris, 
California Initiative for Technology and Democracy, both of San 
Francisco; and Margaret Mitchell, Seattle, Washington.
INTELLIGENCE
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to 
receive a briefing on certain intelligence matters from officials of 
the intelligence community.








[Daily Digest]
[Pages D891-D894]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





                        House of Representatives


Chamber Action
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 30 public bills, H.R. 9614-
9643; and 10 resolutions, H.J. Res. 204; and H. Res. 1452-1454, 1456-
1461, were introduced.                                   
  Pages H5316-18
Additional Cosponsors:                                   
  Pages H5319-21
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows:
  H.R. 9076, to reauthorize and modernize part B of title IV of the 
Social Security Act to strengthen child welfare services, expand the 
availability of prevention services to better meet the needs of 
vulnerable families, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. 
Rept. 118-679);
  H.R. 3800, to codify Internal Revenue Service guidance relating to 
treatment of certain services and items for chronic conditions as 
meeting the preventive care deductible safe harbor for purposes of high 
deductible health plans in connection with health savings accounts, 
with an amendment (H. Rept. 118-680);
  H.R. 455, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to fix a technical 
error in the definitions (H. Rept. 118-681, Part 1);
  H.R. 5509, to modernize permitting systems at the Department of the 
Interior, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 118-682);
  H.R. 7764, to establish a commission to study the potential transfer 
of the Weitzman National Museum of American Jewish History to the 
Smithsonian Institution, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. 
Rept. 118-683);
  H.R. 9489, to sunset the Advisory Committee on the Records of 
Congress, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 118-684); and
  H. Res. 1455, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3724) to 
amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to prohibit recognized 
accrediting agencies and associations from requiring, encouraging, or 
coercing institutions of higher education to meet any political litmus 
test or violate any right protected by the Constitution as a condition 
of accreditation; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4790) 
to amend the Federal securities laws with respect to the materiality of 
disclosure requirements, to establish the Public Company Advisory 
Committee, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 5179) to require the maintenance of the country of origin 
markings for imported goods produced in the West Bank or Gaza, and for 
other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5339) to 
amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to specify 
requirements concerning the consideration of pecuniary and non-
pecuniary factors, and for other purposes; providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 5717) to provide that sanctuary jurisdictions that 
provide benefits to aliens who are present in the United States without 
lawful status under the immigration laws are ineligible for Federal 
funds intended to benefit such aliens; providing for consideration of 
the bill (H.R. 7909) to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to 
provide that aliens who have been convicted of or who have committed 
sex offenses or domestic violence are inadmissible and deportable; and 
providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 136) 
providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, 
United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Environmental 
Protection Agency relating to ``Multi-Pollutant Emissions Standards for 
Model Years 2027 and Later Light-Duty and Medium-Duty Vehicles'' (H. 
Rept. 118-685).                                              
Page H5316
Recess: The House recessed at 12:35 p.m. and reconvened at 2 p.m. 
                                                             Page H5244
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the 
following measures: FIFA World Cup

[[Page D892]]

2026 Commemorative Coin Act: H.R. 7438, to require the Secretary of the 
Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the FIFA World Cup 2026; 
                                                         Pages H5246-48
  Dustoff Crews of the Vietnam War Congressional Gold Medal Act: S. 
2825, to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the United States Army 
Dustoff crews of the Vietnam War, collectively, in recognition of their 
extraordinary heroism and life-saving actions in Vietnam; 
                                                         Pages H5248-50
  Billie Jean King Congressional Gold Medal Act: S. 2861, to award a 
Congressional Gold Medal to Billie Jean King, an American icon, in 
recognition of a remarkable life devoted to championing equal rights 
for all, in sports and in society, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 308 
yeas to 87 nays, Roll No. 419;                           
  Pages H5250-53
  Building on Reemployment Improvements to Deliver Good Employment for 
Workers Act: H.R. 5861, amended, to extend reemployment services and 
eligibility assessments to all claimants for unemployment benefits; 
                                                         Pages H5253-54
  Taxpayer Data Protection Act: H.R. 8292, amended, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase penalties for unauthorized 
disclosure of taxpayer information;                      
  Pages H5254-55
  Improving Social Security's Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act: 
H.R. 3784, amended, to amend title VII of the Social Security Act to 
provide for a single point of contact at the Social Security 
Administration for individuals who are victims of identity theft; 
                                                         Pages H5255-57
  VSO Equal Tax Treatment Act: H.R. 1432, amended, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the deductibility of 
charitable contributions to certain organizations for members of the 
Armed Forces;                                            
  Pages H5272-73
  Chronic Disease Flexible Coverage Act: H.R. 3800, amended, to codify 
Internal Revenue Service guidance relating to treatment of certain 
services and items for chronic conditions as meeting the preventive 
care deductible safe harbor for purposes of high deductible health 
plans in connection with health savings accounts;        
  Pages H5273-74
  Fiscal Year 2024 Veterans Affairs Major Medical Facility 
Authorization Act: H.R. 6324, amended, to authorize major medical 
facility projects for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal 
year 2024;                                               
  Pages H5274-75
  Veterans' Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2024: H.R. 
7777, to increase, effective as of December 1, 2024, the rates of 
compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the 
rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of 
certain disabled veterans;                               
  Pages H5275-76
  Prioritizing Veterans' Survivors Act: H.R. 7100, to amend title 38, 
United States Code, to clarify the organization of the Office of 
Survivors Assistance of the Department of Veterans Affairs; 
                                                         Pages H5276-77
  Vietnam Veterans Liver Fluke Cancer Study Act: H.R. 4424, amended, to 
direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to study and report on the 
prevalence of cholangiocarcinoma in veterans who served in the Vietnam 
theater of operations during the Vietnam era;            
  Pages H5277-78
  Veterans Accessibility Advisory Committee Act of 2024: H.R. 7342, 
amended, to establish the Veterans Advisory Committee on Equal Access; 
                                                         Pages H5278-80
  Clear Communication for Veterans Claims Act: H.R. 7816, amended, to 
direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to seek to enter into an 
agreement with a federally funded research and development center for 
an assessment of notice letters that the Secretary sends to claimants 
for benefits under laws administered by the Secretary;   
  Pages H5280-81
  Naming the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient 
clinic in Guntersville, Alabama, as the ``Colonel Ola Lee Mize 
Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic'': H.R. 5464, to name the 
Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in 
Guntersville, Alabama, as the ``Colonel Ola Lee Mize Department of 
Veterans Affairs Clinic'';                               
  Pages H5281-83
  Restoring Benefits to Defrauded Veterans Act: H.R. 4190, amended, to 
amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs to repay the estates of deceased beneficiaries for certain 
benefits paid by the Secretary and misused by fiduciaries of such 
beneficiaries;                                           
  Pages H5283-84
  Fairness for Servicemembers and their Families Act: H.R. 2911, 
amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs to periodically review the automatic 
maximum coverage under the Servicemembers' Group Life Insurance program 
and the Veterans' Group Life Insurance program;          
  Pages H5284-85
  Veterans Benefits Continuity and Accountability Supplemental 
Appropriations Act, 2024: H.R. 9468, making supplemental appropriations 
for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024;           
  Pages H5285-88
  Dennis John Beningo Traumatic Brain Injury Program Reauthorization 
Act of 2024: H.R. 7208,

[[Page D893]]

amended, to reauthorize the Traumatic Brain Injury program; 
                                                         Pages H5290-91
  Medicaid Program Improvement Act: H.R. 8111, amended, to amend title 
XIX of the Social Security Act to ensure the reliability of address 
information provided under the Medicaid program;         
  Pages H5291-92
  Accelerating Kids' Access to Care Act: H.R. 4758, amended, to amend 
title XIX of the Social Security Act to streamline enrollment under the 
Medicaid program of certain providers across State lines; 
                                                         Pages H5292-95
  Amend the title so as to read: ``To amend title XIX of the Social 
Security Act to streamline enrollment under the Medicaid program of 
certain providers across State lines, and to prevent the use of abusive 
spread pricing in Medicaid.'';                           
  Pages H5293-95
  BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer's Reauthorization Act of 2024: H.R. 
7218, to amend title III of the Public Health Service Act to extend the 
program for promotion of public health knowledge and awareness of 
Alzheimer's disease and related dementias;               
  Pages H5295-96
  Amending title XIX of the Social Security Act to further require 
certain additional provider screening under the Medicaid program: H.R. 
8112, amended, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to further 
require certain additional provider screening under the Medicaid 
program;                                                 
  Pages H5296-97
  Medicare and Medicaid Fraud Prevention Act of 2024: H.R. 8089, 
amended, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require 
certain additional provider screening under the Medicaid program; 
                                                         Pages H5300-01
  Leveraging Integrity and Verification of Eligibility for 
Beneficiaries Act: H.R. 8084, amended, to amend title XIX of the Social 
Security Act to require States to verify certain eligibility criteria 
for individuals enrolled for medical assistance quarterly; 
                                                         Pages H5301-02
  Amending the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a lifespan 
respite care program: H.R. 6160, amended, to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to reauthorize a lifespan respite care program; 
                                                         Pages H5302-03
  Poison Control Centers Reauthorization Act of 2024: S. 4351, to amend 
the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain poison control 
programs;                                                
  Pages H5203-04
  DeOndra Dixon INCLUDE Project Act of 2024: H.R. 7406, amended, to 
amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to carry out a program of research, training, 
and investigation related to Down syndrome;              
  Pages H5304-06
  Supporting and Improving Rural EMS Needs Reauthorization Act: S. 265, 
to reauthorize the rural emergency medical service training and 
equipment assistance program;                                
  Page H5306
  Supporting Patient Education And Knowledge Act of 2024: H.R. 6033, 
amended, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to 
establish a task force to improve access to health care information 
technology for non-English speakers;                     
  Pages H5306-08
  Telehealth Enhancement for Mental Health Act of 2024: H.R. 7858, 
amended, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a 
Medicare incident to modifier for mental health services furnished 
through telehealth;                                      
  Pages H5308-09
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ``To amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to establish a Medicare incident to modifier for 
mental health services furnished through telehealth and other 
telehealth services''; and                               
  Pages H5308-09
  Launch Communications Act: S. 1648, to facilitate access to the 
electromagnetic spectrum for commercial space launches and commercial 
space reentries.                                         
  Pages H5309-10
Failed Suspension: The House failed to suspend the rules and pass the 
following measure:
  No Foreign Election Interference Act: H.R. 8314, amended, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to impose penalties with respect to 
contributions to political committees from certain tax exempt 
organizations that receive contributions from foreign nationals, by a 
\2/3\ yea-and-nay vote of 218 yeas to 181 nays with one answering 
``present'', Roll No. 418.                               
  Pages H5270-72
Suspensions--Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following 
measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were 
postponed.
  Find and Protect Foster Youth Act: S. 1146, to amend part E of title 
IV of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services to identify obstacles to identifying and responding to 
reports of children missing from foster care and other vulnerable 
foster youth, to provide technical assistance relating to the removal 
of such obstacles;                                       
  Pages H5257-59
  Protecting America's Children by Strengthening Families Act: H.R. 
9076, amended, to reauthorize and modernize part B of title IV of the 
Social Security Act to strengthen child welfare services, expand

[[Page D894]]

the availability of prevention services to better meet the needs of 
vulnerable families;                                     
  Pages H5259-70
  Autism Collaboration, Accountability, Research, Education, and 
Support Act of 2024: H.R. 7213, amended, to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to [enhance activities of the National Institutes of Health 
with respect to research on autism spectrum disorder and enhance 
programs relating to autism/reauthorize certain programs with respect 
to autism spectrum disorder?]; and                    
  Pages H5297-H5300
  Future Uses of Technology Upholding Reliable and Enhanced Networks 
Act: H.R. 1513, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to 
establish a task force to be known as the ``6G Task Force''. 
                                                         Pages H5310-11
Quorum Calls--Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes developed during the 
proceedings of today and appear on pages H5289, H5289-90.
Adjournment: The House met at 12 p.m. and adjourned at 9:56 p.m.








[Daily Digest]
[Pages D894-D895]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

Committee Meetings
ACCREDITATION FOR COLLEGE EXCELLENCE ACT OF 2023; GUIDING UNIFORM AND 
RESPONSIBLE DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS AND INFORMATION LIMITS ACT OF 2023; 
ANTI-BDS LABELING ACT; RETIRE ACT; NO BAILOUT FOR SANCTUARY CITIES ACT; 
VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN BY ILLEGAL ALIENS ACT; PROVIDING FOR 
CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF THE RULE RELATING TO MULTI-POLLUTANT 
EMISSIONS STANDARDS FOR MODEL YEARS 2027 AND LATER LIGHT-DUTY AND 
MEDIUM-DUTY VEHICLES
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 3724, the 
``Accreditation for College Excellence Act of 2023'' [End Woke Higher 
Education Act]; H.R. 4790, the ``Guiding Uniform and Responsible 
Disclosure Requirements and Information Limits Act of 2023'' 
[Prioritizing Economic Growth Over Woke Policies Act]; H.R. 5179, the 
``Anti-BDS Labeling Act''; H.R. 5339, the ``RETIRE Act'' [Protecting 
Americans' Investments from Woke Policies Act]; H.R. 5717, the ``No 
Bailout for Sanctuary Cities Act''; H.R. 7909, the ``Violence Against 
Women by Illegal Aliens Act''; and H.J. Res. 136, providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States 
Code, of the rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency 
relating to ``Multi-Pollutant Emissions Standards for Model Years 2027 
and Later Light-Duty and Medium-Duty Vehicles''. The Committee granted, 
by a record vote of 9-3, a rule providing for consideration of H.R. 
3724, the ``End Woke Higher Education Act'', H.R. 4790, the 
``Prioritizing Economic Growth Over Woke Policies Act'', H.R. 5179, the 
``Anti-BDS Labeling Act'', H.R. 5339, the ``Protecting Americans' 
Investments from Woke Policies Act'', H.R. 5717, the ``No Bailout for 
Sanctuary Cities Act'', H.R. 7909, the ``Violence Against Women by 
Illegal Aliens Act'', and H.J. Res. 136, Providing for congressional 
disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule 
submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ``Multi-
Pollutant Emissions Standards for Model Years 2027 and Later Light-Duty 
and Medium-Duty Vehicles''. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 
3724, the ``End Woke Higher Education Act'', under a structured rule. 
The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. 
The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and 
controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on 
Education and the Workforce or their respective designees. The rule 
provides that, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute 
recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce now printed 
in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of 
the text of Rules Committee Print 118-49 shall be considered as adopted 
and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives 
all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The 
rule makes in order only the amendments printed in part A of the Rules 
Committee report. Each amendment shall be considered only in the order 
printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in 
the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the 
time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the 
proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall 
not be subject to a demand for division of the question. All points of 
order against the amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee 
report are waived. The rule provides one motion to recommit. The rule 
further provides for consideration of H.R. 4790, the ``Prioritizing 
Economic Growth Over Woke Policies Act'', under a closed rule. The rule 
waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule 
provides that, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute 
recommended by the Committee on Financial Services now printed in the 
bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text 
of Rules Committee Print 118-48, modified by the amendment printed in 
part B of the Rules Committee report, shall be considered as adopted 
and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives 
all points of order

[[Page D895]]

against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one hour 
of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and 
ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services or their 
respective designees. The rule provides one motion to recommit. The 
rule further provides for consideration of H.R. 5179, the ``Anti-BDS 
Labeling Act'', under a closed rule. The rule waives all points of 
order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the 
amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on 
Ways and Means shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, 
shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order 
against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one hour 
of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and 
ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means or their 
respective designees. The rule provides one motion to recommit. The 
rule further provides for consideration of H.R. 5339, the ``Protecting 
Americans' Investments from Woke Policies Act'', under a closed rule. 
The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. 
The rule provides that, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a 
substitute recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce 
now printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute 
consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 118-50 shall be 
considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as 
read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the 
bill, as amended. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally 
divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the 
Committee on Education and the Workforce or their respective designees. 
The rule provides one motion to recommit. The rule further provides for 
consideration of H.R. 5717, the No Bailout for Sanctuary Cities Act, 
under a structured rule. The rule waives all points of order against 
consideration of the bill. The rule provides one hour of general debate 
equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member 
of the Committee on the Judiciary or their respective designees. The 
rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule 
waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule 
makes in order only the amendments printed in part C of the Rules 
Committee report. Each amendment shall be considered only in the order 
printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in 
the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the 
time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the 
proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall 
not be subject to a demand for division of the question. All points of 
order against the amendments printed in part C of the Rules Committee 
report are waived. The rule provides one motion to recommit. The rule 
further provides for consideration of H.R. 7909, the ``Violence Against 
Women by Illegal Aliens Act'', under a closed rule. The rule waives all 
points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides 
that, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute 
recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill, 
an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of 
Rules Committee Print 118-47 shall be considered as adopted and the 
bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all 
points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule 
provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by 
the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary 
or their respective designees. The rule provides one motion to 
recommit. The rule further provides for consideration of H.J. Res. 136, 
providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, 
United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Environmental 
Protection Agency relating to ``Multi-Pollutant Emissions Standards for 
Model Years 2027 and Later Light-Duty and Medium-Duty Vehicles'', under 
a closed rule. The rule waives all points of order against 
consideration of the joint resolution. The rule provides that the joint 
resolution shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of 
order against provisions in the joint resolution. The rule provides one 
hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and 
ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce or 
their respective designees. Finally, the rule provides one motion to 
recommit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Foxx, and Representatives 
Sablan, Carter of Georgia, Tonko, Biggs, Nadler, Huizenga, Waters, and 
Tenney. -

Joint Meetings
  No joint committee meetings were held.








[Daily Digest]
[Pages D895-D899]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





                   COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY,

                           SEPTEMBER 18, 2024

        (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated)


                                 Senate

  Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Subcommittee on 
Food and Nutrition, Specialty Crops, Organics, and Research, to hold 
hearings to examine keeping kids learning in the National School 
Lunch Program and School Breakfast Program, 2 p.m., SD-562.

[[Page D896]]


  Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Subcommittee on 
Economic Policy, to hold hearings to examine the macroeconomic 
impacts of potential tax reform in 2025, 2 p.m., SD-538.
  Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold 
hearings to examine aviation cybersecurity threats, 10 a.m., SR-253.
  Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hearings to 
examine America's regional commissions, focusing on sharing best 
practices in regional and economic development, 10 a.m., SD-406.
  Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business 
meeting to continue to consider S. 4667, to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to establish the Life Sciences Research Security Board, 
S. 4373, to provide for congressional approval of national emergency 
declarations, S. 4495, to enable safe, responsible, and agile 
procurement, development, and use of artificial intelligence by the 
Federal Government, S. 4675, to require the United States Postal 
Service to submit a comprehensive proposal to the Postal Regulatory 
Commission before implementing any network changes, S. 4630, to 
establish an interagency committee to harmonize regulatory regimes 
in the United States relating to cybersecurity, S. 4654, to amend 
the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act 
to allow Indian tribal governments to directly request fire 
management assistance declarations and grants, S. 4698, to authorize 
the Joint Task Forces of the Department of Homeland Security, S. 
4711, to limit the consideration of marijuana use when making an 
employment suitability or security clearance determination, S. 4681, 
to ensure a timely, fair, meaningful, and transparent process for 
individuals to seek redress because they were wrongly identified as 
a threat under the screening and inspection regimes used by the 
Department of Homeland Security, to require a report on the 
effectiveness of enhanced screening programs of the Department of 
Homeland Security, S. 4043, to amend title 5, United States Code, to 
make executive agency telework policies transparent, to track 
executive agency use of telework, S. 4679, to amend title XLI of the 
FAST Act to improve the Federal permitting process, S. 4716, to 
amend section 7504 of title 31, United States Code, to improve the 
single audit requirements, S. 4294, to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to negotiate with the Government of Canada 
regarding an agreement for integrated cross border aerial law 
enforcement operations, S. 59, to implement merit-based reforms to 
the civil service hiring system that replace degree-based hiring 
with skills- and competency-based hiring, S. 4676, to enhance the 
effectiveness of the Shadow Wolves Program, S. 4672, to require the 
Commissioner for U.S. Customs and Border Protection to assess 
current efforts to respond to hazardous weather and water events at 
or near United States borders and, to the extent such efforts may be 
improved, to develop a hazardous weather and water events 
preparedness and response strategy, S. 4697, to enhance the 
cybersecurity of the Healthcare and Public Health Sector, S. 4715, 
to require the National Cyber Director to submit to Congress a plan 
to establish an institute within the Federal Government to serve as 
a centralized resource and training center for Federal cyber 
workforce development, S. 4631, to amend title 41, United States 
Code, to prohibit minimum education requirements for proposed 
contractor personnel in certain contract solicitations, S. 4700, to 
modify the governmentwide financial management plan, S. 4656, to 
amend title 5, United States Code, concerning restrictions on the 
participation of certain Federal employees in partisan political 
activity, S. 4651, to require agencies to use information and 
communications technology products obtained from original equipment 
manufacturers or authorized resellers, S. 4419, to require the 
Science and Technology Directorate in the Department of Homeland 
Security to develop greater capacity to detect, identify, and 
disrupt illicit substances in very low concentrations, S. 4321, to 
amend title 5, United States Code, to prohibit the payment of 
annuities and retired pay to individuals convicted of certain sex 
crimes, S. 2546, to designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 100 North Taylor Lane in Patagonia, 
Arizona, as the ``Jim Kolbe Memorial Post Office'', S. 3946, to 
designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 1106 Main Street in Bastrop, Texas, as the ``Sergeant Major Billy 
D. Waugh Post Office'', S. 4077, to designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 180 Steuart Street in San 
Francisco, California, as the ``Dianne Feinstein Post Office'', H.R. 
5527, to amend section 1078 of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2018 to increase the effectiveness of the 
Technology Modernization Fund, H.R. 7219, to ensure that Federal 
agencies rely on the best reasonably available scientific, 
technical, demographic, economic, and statistical information and 
evidence to develop, issue or inform the public of the nature and 
bases of Federal agency rules and guidance, H.R. 7524, to amend 
title 40, United States Code, to require the submission of reports 
on certain information technology services funds to Congress before 
expenditures may be made, H.R. 3254, to amend the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 to establish a process to review applications for 
certain grants to purchase equipment or systems that do not meet or 
exceed any applicable national voluntary consensus standards, H.R. 
6174, to improve the biodetection functions of the Department of 
Homeland Security, H.R. 272, to amend title 31, United States Code, 
to authorize transportation for Government astronauts returning from 
space between their residence and various locations, H.R. 4403, to 
amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make improvements to the 
Securing the Cities program, H.R. 5887, to amend chapter 3 of title 
5, United States Code, to improve Government service delivery, and 
build related capacity for the Federal Government, H.R. 7525, to 
require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue 
guidance to agencies requiring special districts to be recognized as 
local government for the purpose of Federal financial assistance 
determinations, H.R. 4467, to direct the Under Secretary for 
Management of the Department of Homeland Security to assess 
contracts for covered services performed by contractor personnel 
along the United States land border with Mexico, H.R. 599, to 
designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 3500

[[Page D897]]

West 6th Street, Suite 103 in Los Angeles, California, as the 
``Dosan Ahn Chang Ho Post Office'', H.R. 1060, to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1663 East 
Date Place in San Bernardino, California, as the ``Dr. Margaret B. 
Hill Post Office Building'', H.R. 1098, to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 50 East Derry Road in 
East Derry, New Hampshire, as the ``Chief Edward B. Garone Post 
Office'', H.R. 1555, to designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 2300 Sylvan Avenue in Modesto, California, 
as the ``Corporal Michael D. Anderson Jr. Post Office Building'', 
H.R. 3608, to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 28081 Marguerite Parkway in Mission Viejo, 
California, as the ``Major Megan McClung Post Office Building'', 
H.R. 3728, to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 25 Dorchester Avenue, Room 1, in Boston, 
Massachusetts, as the ``Caroline Chang Post Office'', H.R. 5476, to 
designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 1077 River Road, Suite 1, in Washington Crossing, Pennsylvania, 
as the ``Susan C. Barnhart Post Office'', H.R. 5640, to designate 
the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 12804 
Chillicothe Road in Chesterland, Ohio, as the ``Sgt. Wolfgang Kyle 
Weninger Post Office Building'', H.R. 5712, to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 Fremont 
Street in Kiel, Wisconsin, as the ``Trooper Trevor J. Casper Post 
Office Building'', H.R. 5985, to designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 517 Seagaze Drive in 
Oceanside, California, as the ``Charlesetta Reece Allen Post Office 
Building'', H.R. 6073, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 9925 Bustleton Avenue in 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as the ``Sergeant Christopher David 
Fitzgerald Post Office Building'', H.R. 6651, to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 603 West 3rd 
Street in Necedah, Wisconsin, as the ``Sergeant Kenneth E. Murphy 
Post Office Building'', H.R. 7192, to designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 333 West Broadway in 
Anaheim, California, as the ``Dr. William I. `Bill' Kott Post Office 
Building'', H.R. 7199, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at S74w16860 Janesville Road, in 
Muskego, Wisconsin, as the ``Colonel Hans Christian Heg Post 
Office'', H.R. 7423, to designate the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 103 Benedette Street in Rayville, 
Louisiana, as the ``Luke Letlow Post Office Building'', and the 
nominations of Sherri Malloy Beatty-Arthur, Rahkel Bouchet, Erin 
Camille Johnston, Ray D. McKenzie, and John Cuong Truong, each to be 
an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of 
Columbia, Ann C. Fisher, of South Dakota, and Ashley Jay Elizabeth 
Poling, of North Carolina, both to be a Commissioner of the Postal 
Regulatory Commission, and Carmen G. Iguina Gonzalez, and Joseph 
Russell Palmore, both to be an Associate Judge of the District of 
Columbia Court of Appeals, 10 a.m., SD-342.
  Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to consider S. 2695, 
to amend the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for 
advancements in public safety services to Indian communities, S. 
3857, to take certain land in the State of California into trust for 
the benefit of the Jamul Indian Village of California, S. 4442, to 
amend the Crow Tribe Water Rights Settlement Act of 2010 to make 
improvements to that Act, and S. 4505, to approve the settlement of 
water rights claims of Ohkay Owingeh in the Rio Chama Stream System, 
to restore the Bosque on Pueblo Land in the State of New Mexico; to 
be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the nomination of 
Patrice H. Kunesh, of Minnesota, to be Chairman of the National 
Indian Gaming Commission, 10 a.m., SD-628.
  Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold hearings 
to examine streamlining and coordinating support for rural small 
businesses, 2:30 p.m., SR-428A.
  Committee on Veterans' Affairs: to hold hearings to examine 
current and future VA budget challenges, focusing on providing for 
veterans, 3 p.m., SR-418.
  Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to examine 
foreign threats to elections in 2024, focusing on roles and 
responsibilities of U.S. tech providers, 2:30 p.m., SH-216.


                                 House

  Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Transportation, 
Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, oversight 
hearing on Inspectors General of the Department of Housing and Urban 
Development, Department of Transportation, and the National Railroad 
Passenger Corporation (Amtrak), 10 a.m., 2358-A Rayburn.
  Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled 
``The Findings and Recommendations of the Commission on the National 
Defense Strategy'', 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn.
  Committee on Education and Workforce, Subcommittee on Workforce 
Protections, hearing entitled ``Examining the Biden-Harris Attacks 
on Tipped Workers'', 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn.
  Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 
670, the ``Think Differently Database Act''; H.R. 8107, the 
``Ensuring Access to Medicaid Buy-in Programs Act of 2024''; H.R. 
8108, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to add a 
Medicaid State plan requirement with respect to the determination of 
residency of certain individuals serving in the Armed Forces; H.R. 
3433, the ``Give Kids a Chance Act of 2024''; H.R. 7188, the 
``Shandra Eisenga Human Cell and Tissue Product Safety Act''; H.R. 
7623, the ``Telehealth Modernization Act of 2024''; H.R. 3227, the 
``Ensuring Seniors' Access to Quality Care Act''; H.R. 9067, the 
``Building America's Health Care Workforce Act''; H.R. 7155, the 
``United States-Abraham Accords Cooperation and Security Act of 
2024''; H.J. Res. 139, providing for congressional disapproval under 
chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by 
the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services relating to 
``Medicare and Medicaid Programs: Minimum Staffing Standards for 
Long-Term Care Facilities and Medicaid Institutional Payment 
Transparency Reporting''; H.R.

[[Page D898]]

7890, the ``Children and Teens' Online Privacy Protection Act''; 
H.R. 7891, Kids Online Safety Act''; H.R. 8449, the ``AM Radio for 
Every Vehicle Act''; H.J. Res. 163, providing for congressional 
disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the 
rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to 
``New Source Performance Standards for Greenhouse Gas Emissions From 
New, Modified, and Reconstructed Fossil Fuel-Fired Electric 
Generating Units; Emission Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
From Existing Fossil Fuel-Fired Electric Generating Units; and 
Repeal of the Affordable Clean Energy Rule''; H.J. Res. 133, 
providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, 
United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Environmental 
Protection Agency relating to ``Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards 
for Heavy-Duty Vehicles-Phase 3''; and H.J. Res. 117, providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States 
Code, of the rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency 
relating to ``Reconsideration of the National Ambient Air Quality 
Standards for Particulate Matter'', 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn.
  Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Digital Assets, 
Financial Technology and Inclusion, hearing entitled ``Dazed and 
Confused: Breaking Down the SEC's Politicized Approach to Digital 
Assets'', 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn.
  Subcommittee on National Security, Illicit Finance, and 
International Financial Institutions, hearing entitled ``Protecting 
Americans' Savings: Examining the Economics of the Multi-Billion 
Dollar Romance Confidence Scam Industry'', 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn.
  Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled 
``Great Power Competition in the Indo-Pacific'', 10 a.m., 2172 
Rayburn.
  Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing entitled 
``A Country Without Borders: How the Biden-Harris Open Borders 
Policies Have Undermined Our Safety and Security'', 10 a.m., 310 
Cannon.
  Committee on House Administration, Subcommittee on Modernization, 
hearing entitled ``Continuity of Congress: Preparing for the Future 
by Learning from the Past'', 12 p.m., 1310 Longworth.
  Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime and Federal 
Government Surveillance, hearing entitled ``Oversight of Homeland 
Security Investigations'', 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn.
  Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, 
hearing on H.R. 1479, the ``Chiricahua National Park Act''; H.R. 
1504, the ``Apex Area Technical Corrections Act''; H.R. 8931, to 
redesignate Saratoga National Historical Park as Saratoga National 
Battlefield Park; H.R. 8946, the ``Reversionary Interest Conveyance 
Act''; H.R. 9159, the ``Appalachian Trail Centennial Act''; H.R. 
9492, to amend Public Law 99-338 with respect to Kaweah Project 
permits; HR. 9516, the ``Military Families National Parks Access 
Enhancement Act''; and S. 612, the ``Lake Tahoe Restoration 
Reauthorization Act'', 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth.
  Committee on Oversight and Accountability, Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 3642, the ``Executive Branch Accountability and Transparency 
Act of 2023''; legislation on the Office of National Drug Control 
Policy Reauthorization Act of 2024; legislation on the Federal 
Register Modernization Act; H.R. 5300, the ``GAO Inspector General 
Parity Act''; legislation on the Federal Acquisition Security 
Council Improvement Act of 2024; legislation on the Value Over Cost 
Act; legislation on the Federal Improvement in Technology 
Procurement Act; H.R. 9566, the ``Source Code Harmonization And 
Reuse in Information Technology Act''; H.R. 5536, the ``Grant 
Transparency Act of 2023''; legislation on the Protecting Taxpayers 
Wallet Act; legislation on the Manager Attitudes and Notions 
According to Government Employee Responses Act; H.R. 8784, the 
``Full Responsibility and Expedited Enforcement Act''; H.R. 825, the 
``Banning Operations and Leases with the Illegitimate Venezuelan 
Authoritarian Regime Act''; and several postal naming measures, 10 
a.m., 2154 Rayburn.
  Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled 
``Holding the SBA Accountable: Testimony from Small Business 
Administrator Guzman'', 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn.
  Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 8689, the ``Amtrak Executive Bonus Disclosure Act''; 
H.R. 3149, to designate United States Route 20 in the States of 
Oregon, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Nebraska, Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, 
Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York, and Massachusetts as the ``National 
Medal of Honor Highway'', and for other purposes; H.R. 3988, the 
``Assuring that Robust, Thorough, and Informed Congressional 
Leadership is Exercised Over National Emergencies Act''; H.R. 6435, 
the ``Making Aid for Local Disasters Equal Now Act''; H.R. 2672, the 
``FEMA Loan Interest Payment Relief Act''; H.R. 6997, the ``Disaster 
Contract Improvement Act''; H.R. 8530, the ``Improving Federal 
Building Security Act of 2024''; H.R. 2892, the ``Weather Alert 
Response and Notification Act''; H.R. 6984, to designate the Federal 
building located at 300 E. 3rd Street in North Platte, Nebraska, as 
the ``Virginia Smith Federal Building'', and for other purposes; 
legislation to require the Administrator of General Services to sell 
certain property related to United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, 
and for other purposes; H.R. 8692, the ``Amtrak Transparency and 
Accountability for Passengers and Taxpayers Act''; H.R. 9135, the 
``Ensuring Airline Resiliency to Reduce Delays and Cancellations 
Act''; H.R. 8995, the ``Baby Changing on Board Act''; H.R. 4043, to 
amend the Save Our Seas 2.0 Act to expand eligibility for certain 
wastewater infrastructure grants, and for other purposes; H.R. 9037, 
the ``Federal Emergency Mobilization Accountability (FEMA) Workforce 
Planning Act''; H.R. 9541, the ``Promoting Opportunities to Widen 
Electrical Resilience Act of 2024''; H.R. 3356, the ``Motor Carrier 
Safety Screening Modernization Act''; H.R. 8505, the ``Household 
Goods Shipping Consumer Protection Act''; H.R. 7779, the ``Good 
Samaritan Remediation of Abandoned Hardrock Mines Act of 2024''; 
H.R. 1720, the ``Ocean Pollution Reduction Act II''; H.R. 8728, the 
``State-Managed Disaster Relief Act''; H.R. 1605, the ``Natural 
Disaster Recovery Program Act of 2023''; H.R. 8616, the ``Ensuring

[[Page D899]]

Quality Investments in Preparedness Act of 2024''; H.R. 9121, the 
``Fire Management Assistance Grants for Tribal Governments Act''; 
H.R. 5623, the ``Addressing Addiction After Disasters Act''; H.R. 
6083, the ``Duplications of Benefits Victims Relief Act''; H.R. 
9313, the ``Think Differently About Building Accessibility Act''; 
H.R. 9024, the ``Extreme Weather and Heat Response Modernization 
Act''; H.R. 8610, the ``Counter-UAS Authority Security, Safety, and 
Reauthorization Act''; and General Services Administration Capital 
Investment and Leasing Program Resolutions, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn.
  Committee on Veterans' Affairs, Subcommittee on Disability 
Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ``Examining VA's 
Challenges with Ensuring Quality Contracted Disability Compensation 
Examinations'', 10:15 a.m., 360 Cannon.
  Subcommittee on Health, markup on H.R. 9496, to amend title 38, 
United States Code, to include a representative of the National 
Association of State Veterans Homes on the Geriatrics and 
Gerontology Advisory Committee of the Department of Veterans 
Affairs; H.R. 9324, the ``Protecting Veteran Access to Telemedicine 
Services Act of 2024''; H.R. 9478, the ``Veterans Supporting 
Prosthetics Opportunities and Recreational Therapy Act''; H.R. 9525, 
the ``Service Dogs Assisting Veterans Act''; H.R. 7504, the ``Rural 
Veterans Transportation to Care Act''; H.R. 9301, the ``New Mexico 
Rural Veteran Health Care Access Act''; H.R. 9485, the ``Enhancing 
Faith-Based Support for Veterans Act of 2024''; H.R. 9438, the ``No 
Wrong Door for Veterans Act''; H.R. 9146, the ``Ensuring Continuity 
in Veterans Health Act''; and H.R. 8562, the ``Parity for Native 
Hawaiian Veterans Act'', 2:30 p.m., 360 Cannon.
  Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ``Dial 988+1: Examining 
the Operations of the Veterans Crisis Line'', 2:30 p.m., 360 Cannon.
  Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Health, hearing 
entitled ``Investing in a Healthier America: Chronic Disease 
Prevention and Treatment'', 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth.


                             Joint Meeting

  Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings 
to examine Russia's imperial identity, 2 p.m., 2358C-RHOB.








[Daily Digest]
[Pages D899-D900]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


 The CONGRESSIONAL RECORD (USPS 087-390).

 The Periodicals postage is paid at Washington, D.C.
  The public proceedings of each House of Congress, as reported
  by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to
  directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by
  appropriate provisions of Title 44, United States Code,
  and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session,
  excepting very infrequent instances when two or more unusually
  small consecutive issues are printed one time.
 Public access to the Congressional Record is available online
  through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov,
  free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day
  the Congressional Record is published. For more information,
  contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
  Phone 202-512-1800, or 866-512-1800 (toll-free). E-Mail,
  contactcenter@gpo.gov.
 To place an order for any of these products, visit
  the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail
  orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis,
  MO 63197-9000, or phone orders to 866-512-1800 (toll-free),
  202-512-1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202-512-2104. Remit check or
  money order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use
  VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. 
 Following each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record
  is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the
  Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets.
 With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no
  restrictions on the republication of material from the
  Congressional Record.


  POSTMASTER:

  Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents,
  Congressional Record,
  U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402,
  along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.







[[Page D900]]

_______________________________________________________________________


                       Next Meeting of the SENATE
                    10 a.m., Wednesday, September 18

                               
                             Senate Chamber
Program for Wednesday: Senate will resume consideration of the 
nomination of Michelle Williams Court, of California, to be United 
States District Judge for the Central District of California, and vote 
on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at approximately 11:45 a.m. 
Additional roll call votes are possible during Wednesday's session.
    

              Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
                    10 a.m., Wednesday, September 18

                               
                             House Chamber
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 5339--Protecting 
Americans' Investments from Woke Policies Act (Pursuant to a Rule). 
Consideration of H.R. 5179--Anti-BDS Labeling (Pursuant to a Rule). 
Consideration of H.R. 7909--Violence Against Women by Illegal Aliens 
Act (Pursuant to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 9494--Continuing 
Appropriations and Other Matters Act, 2025 (Pursuant to a Rule).
_______________________________________________________________________


            Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue
              HOUSE
  
Bucshon, Larry, Ind., E909
Carson, Andre, Ind., E905
Castor, Kathy, Fla., E908
Costa, Jim, Calif., E907
DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E909
Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E906
Garamendi, John, Calif., E906
Gomez, Jimmy, Calif., E911
Hudson, Richard, N.C., E907, E912
Huffman, Jared, Calif., E907
Johnson, Dusty, S. Dak., E909, E912
Kiggans, Jennifer A., Va., E910
Luttrell, Morgan, Tex., E905
Massie, Thomas, Ky., E911
McClain, Lisa C., Mich., E907
McClellan, Jennifer L., Va., E905
Molinaro, Marcus J., N.Y., E911
Mrvan, Frank J., Ind., E906, E912
Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E911
Spanberger, Abigail Davis, Va., E910
Tenney, Claudia, N.Y., E908
Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E909, E912
Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E911








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E905]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




RECOGNIZING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL AND ENERGY STUDY 
                            INSTITUTE (EESI)

                                 ______
                                 

                       HON. JENNIFER L. McCLELLAN

                              of virginia

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Ms. McCLELLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 
accomplishments of the Environmental and Energy Study Institute (EESI) 
on the organization's 40th anniversary.
  For 40 years, EESI has played an important role on Capitol Hill by 
providing members of Congress and our staff with nonpartisan, science-
based educational resources about climate, clean energy, and 
environmental topics.
  Congressional staff use EESI resources to stay informed, which 
contribute to our offices' ability to serve our constituents. Earlier 
this year, I was pleased to be a guest on EESI's podcast, The Climate 
Conversation, where we discussed environmental justice, the public 
health impacts of the climate crisis, and the need to build resilience 
into our communities and infrastructure.
  EESI's origins date back to the 1970s when then-Rep. Richard L. 
``Dick'' Ottinger (D-NY) and a bipartisan group of members of Congress 
saw a knowledge gap on environmental and energy topics and established 
a study conference to provide members with the information they 
necessary to make sound decisions. In 1984, EESI began its work as an 
independent nonprofit organization. Now, after 40 years, EESI still 
enjoys a reputation for providing Congress with the information 
necessary to do our jobs. What must have felt important then feels all 
the more urgent today.
  Congratulations to EESI for serving as a trusted source of timely, 
relevant, nonpartisan, and science-based educational resources about 
climate topics. With gratitude for EESI's service to the policymaking 
community to date, I wish the organization the best for another 40 
years of advancing solutions, fostering bipartisanship, supporting 
rural communities, and cultivating young leaders.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E905]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





 INTRODUCTION OF A RESOLUTION RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF MEDICAL 
  RESEARCH AND OBSERVING ``MEDICAL RESEARCH WEEK'' FROM SEPTEMBER 16 
                       THROUGH SEPTEMBER 20, 2024

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. ANDRE CARSON

                               of indiana

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. CARSON. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to introduce a resolution 
recognizing ``Medical Research Week'' from September 16 through 
September 20, 2024. This important resolution recognizes the important 
breakthroughs of medical research improving health outcomes for 
patients and communities, securing global competitiveness in science, 
boosting job creation, educating the next generation of scientists, and 
strengthening economic growth.
  Medical research through the support of the National Institutes of 
Health (NIH), continues to serve a vital role advancing health and 
medicine. This research can lead cutting edge preventative strategies 
for treatments and additional cures for longstanding medical challenges 
such as cancer, Alzheimer's, heart disease, sickle cell, and obesity. I 
have met with Hoosier families that are struggling with these rare 
diseases, and I have been moved by the impact that medical research has 
on their lives. These insights have inspired me and my colleagues about 
the necessity of medical research to provide more treatment options and 
better diagnoses for all Americans.
  NIH research funding generates nearly $93 billion in economic 
activity and continues to support more than 400,000 jobs across the 
United States. Medical research is not only focused on improving the 
health of all Americans, but it is also as an economic driver for 
growth and job opportunities. NIH work ripples far beyond its 
headquarters in Bethesda, Maryland, into every state. It drives demand 
for medical supplies and research equipment, boosts local and regional 
economics to benefit manufactures and suppliers across the country, and 
into many United States territories.
  I'm proud to represent Indiana's 7th Congressional District which has 
become a healthcare and innovation hub in America. In my home state of 
Indiana the NIH awarded $414 million dollars in grants and contracts 
during FY23 that directly supports 5,359 jobs for Hoosiers and over 1.1 
billion dollars of economic activity. In my district alone the NIH has 
contributed $264 million dollars in grants to 9 different research 
sites in 2023; including Indiana University, Purdue University, Butler 
University, Marian University, the Regenstreif Institute, and others.
  NIH supported medical research plays a primary role in several 
sectors. The NIH supports noncommercial and clinical research with 
private sector innovation, allowing for major achievements in rare 
diseases such as ALS, substance use disorders, stroke, and Parkinson's.
  During my service in Congress, I have consistently advocated for more 
resources to expand medical research that promotes better screening 
tools for underserved and under-studied populations, and that is more 
inclusive of diverse participants in clinical trials. Congressional 
action has helped improve medical research through the NIH, CDC and 
DOD's pancreatic cancer research program, supported in part by the 
bipartisan appropriations letters I lead each year to increase overall 
funding and increasing funding for the Veterans Medical and Prosthetic 
Research Program. I urge all my colleagues to join me in these 
appropriations requests and oppose the short-sighted budget cuts some 
have proposed. Imagine what we could accomplish with more robust 
investments in medical research in our nation, from making strides to 
combatting antimicrobial resistance, to harnessing the power of 
personalized medicine to treat disease, and more. These critical 
breakthroughs in medical research are our nation's best hope in finding 
cures, prevention measures, and treatments for diseases affecting 
millions of Americans.
  Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this 
resolution to recognize the importance of medical research in America I 
urge the House to support this resolution.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E905-E906]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 HONORING AN OUTSTANDING TX-08 CITIZEN

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. MORGAN LUTTRELL

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. LUTTRELL. Mr Speaker, I would like to recognize an outstanding 
District 8 citizen and local hero, Cy-Fair Fire Department Chief Amy 
Ramon. It is my privilege to stand before you and pay tribute to Chief 
Ramon, as she is now the first woman to receive the Texas Fire Chief of 
the Year award. Her dedication and commitment to excellence have truly 
set her apart in her field.
  Chief Ramon earned a Bachelor of Science in Business Management from 
LeTourneau University then her Juris Doctor degree from South Texas 
College of Law.
  She began as a volunteer firefighter at the age of 20 and was 
promoted through the ranks due to her commendable character. She 
assumed the role of Fire Chief in July 2014. Since then, Chief Ramon 
has worked diligently to steward her position with care. Her endless 
dedication and commitment to serving her community has left her with 
much to show from her service.
  Chief Ramon currently oversees 13 active fire stations that cover 164 
square miles. Last year, under her leadership, these stations responded 
to an astonishing 40,806 calls. Chief Ramon's guidance has been a key 
factor in the department's success over the past year. Her ability to 
lead such a large and active department is a testament to her 
exceptional skills and unwavering dedication.
  Chief Ramon continues to serve as Cy-Fair's Fire Chief after 34 
admirable years of success. She remains an active and important member 
of our community. I am proud of Chief Ramon for all she has 
accomplished and the exemplary citizen she continues to be in her 
community.

[[Page E906]]

  

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E906]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




      HONORING THE CALIFORNIA TAHOE CONSERVANCY'S 40TH ANNIVERSARY

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. JOHN GARAMENDI

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and commend the 
California Tahoe Conservancy as it celebrates its 40th anniversary 
serving the Lake Tahoe Basin and community. This outstanding 
achievement is a testament to the crucial work the Tahoe Conservancy 
has accomplished to protect the Lake Tahoe Basin's beautiful natural 
resources and landscapes.
  During my tenure as a California State Senator, I was honored to lead 
the legislation that established the Tahoe Conservancy in 1984. For 
four decades, the Tahoe Conservancy has significantly advanced 
California's efforts to restore and enhance the natural and 
recreational resources of the Lake Tahoe Basin. Today, the Tahoe 
Conservancy continues its legacy as a leader in environmental 
protection by helping to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and wildfire 
risk, protecting ecologically critical lands, and enhancing the 
region's climate resiliency.
  Since its founding, the Tahoe Conservancy has consistently 
demonstrated its commitment to collaborating with other public agencies 
and fostering partnerships with surrounding communities, especially 
those facing significant inequities. From spearheading initiatives to 
support the Lake Tahoe Basin's sustainable economy to ensuring public 
health and safety, the Tahoe Conservancy is helping the region 
establish an enduring balance between humans and the natural 
environment.
  The Tahoe Conservancy's innovative strategies and groundbreaking 
projects are protecting the Lake Tahoe Basin's rich biodiversity and 
restoring the Basin's ecological resilience. The Tahoe Conservancy is a 
faithful steward of the Basin's natural, tribal, and cultural 
resources, and I look forward to seeing their continued work to protect 
this special place for future generations to enjoy.
  On behalf of the constituents of California's Eighth Congressional 
District, I would like to congratulate the California Tahoe Conservancy 
on its 40th anniversary and extend my sincere gratitude for its 
generations of service to the Lake Tahoe Basin and community.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E906]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





  HONORING THE 125TH ANNIVERSARY OF CARPENTERS UNION LOCAL NO. 599 IN 
                                HAMMOND

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. FRANK J. MRVAN

                               of indiana

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. MRVAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct pleasure to congratulate 
the members and leaders of the Hammond, Indiana Carpenters Union Local 
No. 599 as they commemorate the organization's 125th anniversary. In 
honor of this momentous occasion, Hammond Carpenters Local No. 599 will 
recognize union members for their outstanding service during a pin 
ceremony and anniversary celebration on Saturday, September 21, 2024, 
at the Hellenic Banquet Center in Merrillville, Indiana.
  Hammond Carpenters Local No. 599 is a remarkable organization 
representing skilled craftsmen throughout Northwest Indiana and beyond. 
I would like to acknowledge the members being honored for their hard 
work and devotion to their trade. The graduated apprentices who will be 
honored include: Daniel Almeida, Sean Anderson, Trystan Arch, Joseph 
Armstrong, Robert Chicvara, Donald Collard, Brian Derby, Jaclyn Flores, 
Anthony Gibson, Austin Haney, Amber Jetmund, Isaiah Jimenez, Roy Meyer, 
Brian Orzechowicz, Matt Resunenko, Alex Salgado and Arnell Washington. 
The members who will be honored for 10 years of service include: 
Gregory Carns, Joshua Clausen, Jose Cordero, Tom Drakos, Adam Ibarra, 
Joshua Lindquist, Jakob Winarski, and Gregory Woosley. The members who 
will be honored for 15 years of service include: Andrew Denham, Brian 
Jamka, Cory Kliajic, Chad Kuhn, Thomas Lashenik, Kyle Lazzaroni, Gary 
Nord, Daniel Prendergast, Daniel Rademacher, Jason Shultz, Stephan 
Sosnowski, John Terpstra, and Bert Williams. The members who will be 
honored for 20 years of service include: Jack Bonick, Josh Bridegroom, 
Robert Buczek, Rick Companik, Todd Dapshis, Shane Eaker, Alberto Gomez, 
Todd Hemann, Jose Marquez, Sebert Meadows, Henry Quintana, Darryl 
Ramos, Jason Swigon, and Adam VanAmstel. The members who will be 
honored for 25 years of service include: Marc Bozetarnik, Jeff Buesing, 
John Erickson, Justin Fischer, Chris Gorski, Roy Hamende, Sr., Don 
Hancock, Gary Jenczalik, Darrin Jendreas, George Jeronimo, Alfonso 
Martrinez, Daniel Miller, Adam Nagel, Edwin Pina, Jeff Sellers, James 
Stuppy, Scott Talaga, and Chris Tauber. The members who will be awarded 
for 30 years of service include: Phil Baran, Sylvia Cabrales, Brian 
Hensley, Eric Long, James Prahlow, and David Thomas. The members who 
will be honored for 35 years of service include: John Adams, James 
Ballard, Michael Brown, Duane Dedelow, Daniel Deflorio, John Dorsey, 
James Golub, Carl Harbison, Tom John, Craig McGuane, Kenneth Morgan, 
Randall Norris, James Slagle, and David Turczi. The members who will be 
honored for 40 years of service are Kevin McCarthy and Michael 
Rodriguez. The members who will be honored for 45 years of service 
include: Terry Eckrich, Fred Kuhn, Richard Meyers, Brian Morton, and 
Thomas Perez. The members who will be honored for 50 years of service 
are Daniel Brown and Timothy Foley.
  The members who will be honored for 55 years of service include: Greg 
Argentine, Charles Gibbs, Rudy Medellin, and Michael Schaller. The 
members who will be honored for 60 years of service include: Robert 
Lowry, Bernard Ritchey, and Darrel Sills. Lastly, but most noteworthy, 
Ron Carlson will be honored for his 70 years of service.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues 
join me in congratulating the Hammond, Indiana Carpenters Union Local 
No. 599 on its 125th Anniversary. Northwest Indiana has a rich history 
of excellence in its craftsmanship and loyalty among its tradesmen and 
women. Carpenters Union Local No. 599, and all unions, work tirelessly 
to ensure safe working conditions, living wages, and growth 
opportunities for its employees. For their significant contributions to 
working families and the development of the region, the leaders and 
members of Carpenters Union Local No. 599 are worthy of the highest 
praise.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E906-E907]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




 RECOGNIZING POLICE CHIEF DEAN LOGAN'S RETIREMENT FROM THE DOYLESTOWN 
                           POLICE DEPARTMENT

                                 ______
                                 

                       HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

                            of pennsylvania

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and commemorate 
Doylestown Police Chief Dean Logan, after faithfully serving and 
protecting the residents of Doylestown for the past thirty-seven years.
  Chief Logan began his career in 1987 as a patrolman. His hard work 
and unwavering dedication quickly propelled him through the ranks. Just 
four years later, Officer Logan became Detective Logan, a role in which 
he served for 12 years, solving numerous cases and delivering justice 
to the community he cared so deeply about. His excellence and 
leadership were undeniable, and he soon moved up again, this time to 
Sergeant. After just two years in that role, he became a Lieutenant-- a 
position he held for seven years. It was during this period that he 
attended and graduated from Session 226 of the FBI National Academy, a 
prestigious milestone in his career.
  Chief Logan's ascent did not stop there. In 2012, after many years of 
dedicated service, he took on the role of Chief, a position in which he 
served the people of Doylestown Township with courage and distinction.
  During his tenure as Chief, he led a team of over 20 officers and 
civilian staff and managed an annual budget exceeding three million 
dollars. His leadership and forward-thinking approach left a lasting 
impact on the community, particularly through his contributions to 
modernizing and improving policing practices. Under his guidance, the 
department embraced the use of social media, implemented In-Car and 
Body-Worn Camera systems, and established a Motor Patrol Unit. Chief 
Logan also prioritized the continued education and training of his 
officers, ensuring they were equipped with advanced skills in traffic 
enforcement, criminal investigations, and command-level leadership.
  Chief Logan's service extended beyond the Doylestown Township Police 
Department. He was a dedicated member of the Bucks County Chiefs of 
Police Association and the Pennsylvania Chiefs of Police Association. 
His leadership also played a key role in the construction of the new 
Township Administration Building and Police Station in 2018, as part of 
the Doylestown Township Building Committee.
  Chief Logan has spent his life and career protecting and serving the 
public. His commitment, vision, and integrity embody the very best of 
law enforcement, and his impact on this community will be felt for 
years to come. We wish him all the best in his future endeavors and 
express our deep gratitude for his service to the Doylestown Township 
Police Department. Mr. Speaker, I ask that we remember Chief A. Dean 
Logan for his remarkable service, his commitment to others, and the 
indelible mark he has left on all who had the privilege to know him.

[[Page E907]]

  

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E907]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




   HONORING DR. SHANESSA FENNER, OF W.T. BROWN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL ON 
   WINNING CUMBERLAND COUNTY SCHOOLS 2025 PRINCIPAL OF THE YEAR AWARD

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. RICHARD HUDSON

                           of north carolina

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate 
Dr. Fenner on being named Cumberland County Schools Principal of the 
Year.
  Dr. Fenner is truly a dedicated public servant and educator. Since 
2002, she has worked tirelessly to ensure that the students of 
Cumberland County receive a top-notch education and develop the skills 
necessary to be prepared for the future. After graduating from 
Fayetteville State University, she kept her talent in our community and 
dedicated her time and energy into out own students.
  As the son of a retired Cabarrus County teacher, I understand the 
sacrifices our teachers and educators make every single day on behalf 
of our students, and I want to personally thank Dr. Fenner for all of 
her hard work. I feel so lucky and blessed that we have such selfless 
and devoted educators, like Dr. Fenner, in our community.
  Again, congratulations to Dr. Fenner on winning this prestigious 
award. She should feel immensely proud of all she has done to improve 
the lives of our students.
  Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating Dr. Fenner on 
being named Cumberland County's Principal of the Year.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E907]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




               HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF WEST CARE

                                 ______
                                 

                             HON. JIM COSTA

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, today, we gather to commemorate a remarkable 
milestone in the field of healthcare and community service--the 50th 
Anniversary of West Care. This historic occasion is a testament to the 
enduring legacy and unwavering commitment of West Care to improving 
various physical, mental, and behavioral health issues in the 
community.
  Comprehensive Drug and Alcohol Abuse Program of Central California 
(CDAAPCC) was founded in the spring of 1973 under the visionary 
leadership of four master's graduates from California State University 
of Fresno in aspirations of finding a solution of the rising issue of 
substance abuse in Fresno, CA. Of the four initial founders, only one, 
Robert ``Bob'' Klise, MSW, continued the original mission. What began 
as a thesis, would grow exponentially over the next 50 years to provide 
behavioral health and human services in the Golden State and beyond.
  The legacy that has transcended from 1973 until 2024 has left an 
undeniable impact on many. In 1973 the Comprehensive Drug and Alcohol 
Abuse Program of Central California (CDAAPCC) was founded to facilitate 
the creation of a treatment program. In 1974, The Third Floor of the 
program received funding and was able to admit its first client in 
1975. The project at hand continued to prosper and in search of new 
ways to assist the community, residential services expanded to include 
women's treatments in 1985.
  Further expansion allowed for a new recovery residence to promote 
aftercare in 1988. In 1992, The Third Floor entered a management 
contract with West Care following the passing of founder, Bob Klise. In 
efforts to continue his legacy after his passing, The Third Floor began 
offering outpatient treatments. 1999 was a pivotal year for The Third 
Floor as it merged with West Care to become West Care California, 
Veteran services were introduced with the Homefront Grant-Per-Diem 
Transitional Housing Program. Education, and prevention services were 
also introduced with the Women 2 Women program for mothers, who were 
affected by or at risk of HIV/AIDS. Treatment services broadened into 
perinatal services to tie young children into their parent's 
treatments. Last, but most certainly not least, California's longest 
running program, MLK residential, was founded with the management 
provided by West Care. Within the following years, many programs, such 
as: The Living Room, San Joaquin Valley Veterans, Youth Services in 
Kings, and Options Program were introduced and merged with West Care.
  In 2014, the Criminal Justice Services expanded with the introduction 
of the Custody to Community Transition Reentry Program (CCTRP) in San 
Diego. That same year, extension into Housing Opportunities for non-
Veteran individuals and families experiencing homelessness with the 
project LiftOFF program was also introduced. Within 2021-2023 more 
programs such as Housing Support, New Model of Care, and Wings Advocacy 
Fresno also collaborated with West Care to provide additional support.
  West Cares mission is both clear and commendable. The community 
outreach efforts have left an indelible mark on the Central Valley. 
Their commitment to uplifting the human spirit is unwavering, with 
numerous organizations and program support. Their advocacy efforts are 
rooted in the promotion of working, growing, and learning together. As 
we stand on the cusp of West Cares 50th Anniversary, it is incumbent 
upon us to recognize and celebrate this momentous occasion. It 
represents five decades of unwavering dedication, advocacy, and service 
to the community.
  Mr. Speaker, I invite my esteemed colleagues to join me in honoring 
West Care. Let us celebrate their legacy and their ongoing commitment 
to changing lives and improving communities in which it operates.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E907]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





                 CELEBRATING JIM ERVIN'S 80TH BIRTHDAY

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. LISA C. McCLAIN

                              of michigan

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mrs. McCLAIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my most heartfelt 
wishes to my good friend Jim Ervin as he celebrates his 80th birthday.
  A proud veteran, businessman, and inspiration to many, Jim's 
background has allowed him to excel in everything he has done. At 80, 
Jim continues to apply his wealth of experience to our Nation's defense 
industry. As a result, Jim is widely renowned for his ability to forge 
meaningful relationships between policymakers, business leaders, and 
innovators throughout the country. His tireless work ethic is one that 
should inspire us all.
  Throughout his incredible 20-year service in the U.S. Air Force, Jim 
was able to see--and experience--almost every aspect of our military, 
foreign and domestic. As a logistician, he ensured that our troops in 
the Middle East and South America had everything they needed. As a 
legislative liaison, he advocated on behalf of the Air Force to make 
sure that our airmen were always ready to serve. Jim is someone who 
will always put others first, especially in service to his country.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing Jim a happy 
80th birthday. I am proud to be able to call him my friend, and I 
sincerely look forward to what the future has in store for him.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E907-E908]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                HONORING THE LIFE OF ALBERT JOSEPH BORO

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. JARED HUFFMAN

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Albert Boro (Mayor 
Boro) who passed away at the age of 89 on September 1, 2024. Mayor Boro 
was an iconic public figure in the City of San Rafael and Marin County 
and a beloved family member.
  Born and raised in San Francisco, Mayor Boro earned a degree in 
Business Administration from the University of San Francisco. He went 
on to work for Pacific Bell as an executive for 35 years before 
retiring in 1990. Mayor Boro married Patricia Boro in 1959, and they 
moved to Marin County after they had their first son, Albert. The 
family grew with the birth of Maureen, followed by Michael, and then 
the family moved to San Rafael in 1966, where they had their fourth 
child, Gena.
  While working full time, Mayor Boro quickly became involved in the 
Marin community, serving as a member of the Marin County Parks, 
Recreation, Open Space and Cultural Commission from 1968 to 2005, 
during which he helped to secure 9,700 acres of open space. He also 
served as a Lector and Eucharistic Minister for Saint Raphael's 
Catholic Church for many years. In 1971, he joined the San Rafael 
Planning Commission and was subsequently elected to the San Rafael City 
Council in 1987. After leaving his corporate role, Mayor Boro stepped 
into his ``second career,'' as elected Mayor of San Rafael in 1991. 
After an initial four-year term, he was re-elected in 1995, 1999, 2003 
and 2007, serving a total of 20 years as Mayor.
  Revered for his ability to build consensus and for his many 
contributions to project and policy development, Mayor Boro's positive 
impacts on the community are far-reaching. He oversaw the expansion of 
city services to the historically underserved Canal neighborhood by 
renovating the community center. He also guided the preservation of the 
historic Rafael Theatre, and construction of the new Public Works 
building and Parkside Children's Center. During his tenure, Mayor Boro 
played an instrumental role in regional and county initiatives, 
simultaneously serving as Director of the

[[Page E908]]

Golden Gate Bridge, Highway, and Transportation District and as Chair 
of numerous agencies including Sonoma Marin Area Rail Transit, the 
Marin County Parks Commission, the Central Marin Sanitation Agency, the 
Marin County Fair Board of Directors, and the Marin County Council of 
Mayors and Councilmembers, to name just a few.
  Mayor Boro was known for his firm, fair, and caring leadership and 
faith in local governance. He embraced challenges with common sense, 
humor, and an unwavering commitment to improving the lives of his 
neighbors. Over the years, he received numerous accolades, including 
2012 San Rafael Citizen of the Year and lifetime emeritus member of 
Mann County Cultural Commission, and he was named one of the top ten 
mayors in California--a regard that many held for him throughout his 
civic life.
  Mayor Boro is survived by his wife Patritia Boro; their children and 
children-in-law, Al and Arlene Boro, Maureen Boro and Mike Winter, Mike 
Boro and John Fontana, and Gena and Keith Granucci; and their 
granddaughters Jessica and Madeline Granucci; his sister Barbara and 
her husband Bill Miles; and many nieces, nephews, and cousins.
  It was my privilege and honor to work with Mayor Boro, and I will 
miss his friendship. His depth of character is surpassed only by his 
legacy of his good deeds in San Rafael and beyond. Mr. Speaker, Al Boro 
was a tireless advocate for the San Rafael community whose legacy 
cannot be overstated. I respectfully ask that you join me in expressing 
my sincere appreciation for his many decades of good work and 
expressing my deep condolences to his friends and family.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E908]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




  HONORING ANNIE NICKERSON, THE FIRST GOLD STAR MOTHER OF WORLD WAR I

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. CLAUDIA TENNEY

                              of new york

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the remarkable legacy 
of Annie Nickerson, a figure of profound significance in American 
history and a poignant symbol of sacrifice during World War I. Annie 
Nickerson holds the distinguished title of being the first Gold Star 
Mother of World War I, an honor that reflects both her personal loss 
and her role in a broader national story.
  Annie's son, Alfred Nickerson, served valiantly in the U.S. Army and, 
tragically, lost his life in France during the Great War in 1918. His 
sacrifice, and that of many others like him, is memorialized through 
the Gold Star Mothers organization--a testament to the courage and 
resilience of families who have given their children in defense of our 
country. The Gold Star Mothers pin awarded to Annie Nickerson serves as 
a powerful symbol of her enduring strength and the ultimate sacrifice 
made by her family.
  Established in 1928, the Gold Star Mothers organization has been 
dedicated to honoring and supporting those who have lost loved ones in 
military service. This organization stands as a beacon of remembrance 
and respect, celebrating the valor of these families and ensuing that 
their sacrifices are never forgotten. Annie Nickerson's role as the 
first Gold Star Mother of World War I is a critical part of this 
legacy, representing the profound impact of these families on our 
nation's history.
  On September 28th, Niagara County will host a significant ceremony to 
honor and commemorate the contributions and sacrifices of Gold Star 
Mothers and their families. This event will serve as a poignant 
reminder of the sacrifices made by individuals like Annie Nickerson and 
her son, Alfred. It is a moment to reflect on the extraordinary courage 
of Gold Star Mothers throughout history and to celebrate their enduring 
legacy.
  As we approach this ceremony, it is important to remember the 
sacrifices of those who have given so much for our freedom. Annie 
Nickerson's story is a testament to the strength and bravery of Gold 
Star Mothers, and her legacy continues to inspire and remind us of the 
true cost of freedom. Her memory serves as a powerful symbol of the 
countless families who have experienced similar loss and continue to 
honor their loved ones with dignity and grace.
  I am honored to share this important reflection on Annie Nickerson's 
enduring legacy and the broader significance of the Gold Star Mothers. 
May we continue to honor and remember the sacrifices made by all Gold 
Star Families with the respect and gratitude they so deeply deserve.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E908-E909]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




   HONORING THE 2024 INDUCTEES TO THE FLORIDA INVENTORS HALL OF FAME

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. KATHY CASTOR

                               of florida

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the nine 
inventors who have been selected as the 2024 Inductees to the Florida 
Inventors Hall of Fame. To be named as an Inductee, these inventors 
were nominated by their peers nationwide and have undergone a review 
process by the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame Selection Committee. As a 
result, their innovations have been identified as significantly 
impacting the quality of life, economic development, and welfare of 
their communities, the residents of Florida, and the United States.
  The Florida Inventors Hall of Fame was founded in 2013 at the 
University of South Florida. It was recognized by the Florida Senate 
with Senate Resolution 1756, adopted on April 30, 2014. The Florida 
Inventors Hall of Fame catalyzes the cycle of discovery and innovation 
across the state of Florida by recognizing pioneering inventors, 
empowering future problem-solvers and change-makers, and propelling the 
American legacy of innovation through transformative experiences and 
meaningful storytelling.
  Nomination to the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame is open to all 
Florida inventors (living or deceased) who are or have been residents 
of Florida. The nominee must be a named inventor on a patent issued by 
the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The impact of the 
inventor and his or her invention should be significant to society, and 
the invention should have been commercialized, utilized or led to 
important innovations.
  The 2024 Inductees are the tenth class to be inducted into the 
Florida Inventors Hall of Fame. Their achievements underscore the 
critical role that innovation plays in driving progress and improving 
the quality of life for people in our state, our nation and around the 
world. Their groundbreaking work not only advances scientific discovery 
but also strengthens the economy and enhances our global 
competitiveness. The 2024 Inductees collectively hold more than 350 
U.S. patents and come from across industry and academia. Since its 
founding, the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame has inducted 77 inventors, 
who collectively hold over 5,200 U.S. patents.
  Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my neighbors in Tampa Bay and the citizens 
of Florida, I am proud to honor the 2024 Inductees to the Florida 
Inventors Hall of Fame for this outstanding achievement. Innovation and 
invention are the building blocks of our Nation. I applaud these highly 
accomplished individuals and the organizations that support them in 
their quest to change the world in ways that truly benefit humanity. It 
is because of the perseverance of these inventors that future 
generations are encouraged to reach beyond their limits and push the 
boundaries of innovation.
  The 2024 Inductees are:
  Barry J. Byrne: Professor and Associate Chair of the University of 
Florida Department of Pediatrics and the Director of the Powell Gene 
Therapy Center at UF, who is recognized for groundbreaking advances in 
delivering DNA to muscle cells, initiating the new field of muscle gene 
therapy, and for developing innovative AAV-mediated gene therapy to 
restore cardiac and skeletal muscle function for patients with 
inherited neuromuscular diseases.
  Patricia Davis-Lemesy: Engineering Fellow at Cordis Corporation, who 
is recognized for the revolutionary development of novel polymers that 
address the characteristics required to conduct coronary angioplasty on 
blocked coronary arteries, and for advances in polymer chemistry 
leading to the design of artificial tendons for human trauma surgery.
  Peter J. Delfyett, Jr.: Pegasus Professor and Distinguished Professor 
of Optics & Photonics, Electrical & Computer Engineering and Physics 
and Director of the Townes Laser Institute at the University of Central 
Florida, who is recognized for significant contributions to development 
and commercialization of low-noise, high-power, ultrafast semiconductor 
lasers for applications in industrial manufacturing, metrology, 
communications, and signal processing.
  Hariklia ``Lili'' Deligianni: Founder of Sense4Me and retired 
Researcher and Principal Investigator with IBM's Thomas J. Watson 
Research Center, who is recognized for the invention and development of 
breakthrough electrochemical technologies that revolutionized the 
capability of electronic devices and the semiconductor industry and led 
to the widespread adoption of electrodeposition as a key processing 
technology for the fabrication of computer chips.
  Greg Mesaros: Chief Executive Officer and Chair of Triadex Services, 
who is recognized for industry-disrupting innovations integrating 
technology, market strategy and collective impact into digital tools 
enabling businesses to cost-effectively scale operations, and providing 
small businesses the ability to access supply chain prices and 
efficiencies similar to large corporations.

[[Page E909]]

  Sylvia Wilson Thomas: Vice President for Research & Innovation and 
President & CEO of the Research Foundation at the University of South 
Florida, who is recognized for transformational innovations in 
miniaturized electronic circuitry and advanced materials to support 
biosensors for more effective real-time health monitoring, and 
development of nano electronic device integration using advanced 
membrane/material systems to meet global technological challenges.
  Anthony ``Tony'' Van Heugten: Chief Technology Officer at e-Vision 
Smart Optics, Inc., who is recognized for cutting-edge ophthalmic 
technologies, developing liquid crystal tunable lenses for intra-ocular 
lenses, contact lenses, eyewear, and virtual and augmented reality 
devices; and for innovations in ophthalmic medical devices to restore 
clear vision for people with presbyopia, glaucoma, and cataracts.
  Rachana Vidhi: Director of Technical Sales at NextEra Analytics, who 
is recognized for pioneering contributions in renewable energy 
integration, in particular battery technologies that have 
revolutionized battery storage systems, accelerated the growth of 
renewable energy integration, and advanced sustainability; and 
developing innovative approaches to predicting long-term performance of 
Lithium-ion batteries for utility-scale applications.
  Daniel H. Yeh: Professor in the Department of Civil and Environmental 
Engineering at the University of South Florida, who is recognized for 
pioneering contributions to environmental engineering and 
sustainability, particularly wastewater purification and recycling, 
sustainable and resilient infrastructure, renewable bioenergy, and 
global WaSH (water, sanitation and hygiene) to mitigate water scarcity 
and inadequate sanitation for countless communities worldwide.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E909]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       CONGRATULATING TARYN KLOTH

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. DUSTY JOHNSON

                            of south dakota

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Taryn Kloth on her remarkable 2024 Olympic performance, 
finishing ninth overall in the Women's Beach Volleyball Olympic 
competition. Taryn, a Sioux Falls native, proudly represented Team USA 
with her teammate Kristen Nuss. It was exciting to see a South Dakotan 
represent Team USA in the Paris Olympics. Our state proudly cheered on 
Taryn throughout the matches.
  Taryn attended O'Gorman Catholic High School in Sioux Falls, South 
Dakota where she began her impressive volleyball career. After helping 
start the first indoor volleyball team in South Dakota, Taryn earned 
the Gatorade South Dakota Player of the Year award in 2014, a national 
championship for her club team, a back-to-back state championship, and 
landed a top-20 high school ranking in the country.
  After high school, she went to Creighton University as their highest 
ranked recruit in school history. Taryn led the team to four 
consecutive Big East titles and four NCAA tournament appearances, 
including a school-best Elite 8 appearance in 2016.
  Taryn graduated early from Creighton and then attended Louisiana 
State University where she helped them to a No. 1 ranking in the 2020 
season. Taryn and Kristen completed the 2021 season going a historic 
36-0, earning multiple accolades, including the prestigious American 
Volleyball Coaches Association Pair of the Year award. The two created 
a partnership ``TKN'' and became the No. 1 ranked Association of 
Volleyball Professionals Beach Volleyball Team and No. 2 ranked team 
worldwide.
  I am proud to recognize and congratulate Taryn and Kristen for their 
hard work, dedication to the sport, and performance throughout their 
careers. I wish them continued success in their future endeavors. I 
thank Taryn for representing South Dakota well.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E909]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                  RECOGNIZING DEPUTY QUINTEN L. MIGHT

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. LARRY BUCSHON

                               of indiana

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the lifesaving 
efforts of Deputy Quinten L. Might of the Gibson County Sheriff's 
Office and thank him for his continuing service to his community and 
state.
  Deputy Might grew up in the community that he serves today, attending 
and graduating from Wood Memorial High School in Gibson County. After 
graduation, he enlisted in the United States Army where he served as a 
medic. He continued his record of service when he joined the Gibson 
County Sheriff's Office in 2019 as a correctional officer, and was 
sworn in as a deputy in 2021. At only 25 years old, Quinten has proven 
that he is willing and ready to protect and save the lives of those in 
his community, including in four separate incidents since July of 2023.
  One of these lifesaving occasions was on May 24, 2024, when Deputy 
Might and another deputy responded to a personal injury accident 
involving a two-vehicle collision. Upon arrival, Deputy Might came to 
the aid of an individual who was unconscious and not breathing. Despite 
multiple small explosions from the fire of the crash, the two deputies 
moved the victim to safety, and hooked up an AED unit and began two-
person CPR until the individual thankfully regained consciousness, 
ultimately surviving the incident.
  More recently, on August 9, 2024, Deputy Might responded to a 
residence call about a two-year old girl who fell into a swimming pool 
and was unresponsive. As soon as he arrived, Deputy Might called an 
ambulance and quickly moved the child from the backyard to the front, 
during which time he freed up her airway by striking her back, likely 
saving her life.
  I am grateful that we have law enforcement officers like Deputy 
Quinten Might serving our communities today, and thank him for his 
service and dedication to Gibson County, and the State of Indiana.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E909]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   HONORING THE LIFE OF LARRY FISHER

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. MARK DeSAULNIER

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. DeSAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of 
Larry Fisher.
  Larry was born in Los Angeles, California and attended the University 
of Southern California where he was a member of Phi Beta Kappa and 
served as editor of the Daily Trojan. Shortly after earning his degree 
in Journalism, Larry moved to Sacramento to serve on the staff of Jesse 
M. Unruh, former Speaker of the California State Assembly.
  He subsequently returned to Los Angeles and served as executive 
director of the California Democratic Party before joining Braun and 
Company as an account executive in 1966. He served as CEO of Braun and 
Company's international public relations firm, Braun Ketchum, where he 
spent many years directing corporate media campaigns and providing 
counsel to executives.
  Upon retiring from Braun Ketchum, Larry and his wife, Betty, moved to 
the Bay Area. After a stint working as a director and case manager for 
Options Recovery in Berkeley, Larry embarked on a new path, entering a 
three-year program to become a spiritual director. He worked with 
clients in both individual and group settings, helping them find new 
meaning and direction.
  Sadly, Larry passed away in May 2024. He is survived by his wife of 
58 years, Betty, their children, L. Timothy (Monaliza Fisher), and Lara 
(Justin Darisse), and his grandchildren, Emma, Aiden, and Cameron.
  Larry will be remembered for his outstanding character and the 
incredible impact he had on his community. Please join me in 
recognizing Larry for his many contributions to our community and 
devoted service to the State of California.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E909-E910]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




 HONORING MS. MARGIE LEE PAGE JONES IN RECOGNITION OF HER CENTENARIAN 
                                BIRTHDAY

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. MARC A. VEASEY

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 
accomplishments of Ms. Margie Lee Page Jones, as she has reached her 
100th birthday.
  Ms. Jones was born to Myrtle and Lovy Page on September 16, 1924 in 
Lee County, Texas. She soon became a big sister to her brother Alton 
Page. Their childhood was shaped by simple pleasures, including riding 
donkeys and spending time with their horse named `Oh Baby.' Ms. Jones 
also developed a love for music throughout her childhood with the song 
`Rattlesnake Daddy' playing on their wind-up Victrola phonograph.
  She attended the Doaks Springs School, where she was mentored by 
Principal C.L. Salsbury and teacher Ms. Corrett Moore. Soon after, she 
furthered her studies at C.J. Walker Beauty College. It was in Dallas, 
Texas that she met and married the love of her life, Mr. Joseph Jones. 
Together, they had four children--Myrtle Denise, Larry Joe, Elissa 
(Lisa) Lynn, and Michael Lee.
  Their marriage continued until Mr. Jones passed away in 2001. 
Margie's family grew to include six grandchildren and nine great-
grandchildren, reflecting her role as a devoted mother and grandmother. 
Throughout her life,

[[Page E910]]

Ms. Jones has been a devout Christian and has played an active role in 
her church. Her involvement with the Jordan Missionary Baptist Church 
began in the late 1960s, where she has been an active member for over 
56 years. In 2015, she was honored as one of the Church Mothers, 
recognizing her longstanding commitment to her community.
  As we mark her 100th birthday, we celebrate Margie's contributions to 
her family and community. Happy 100th birthday to Ms. Jones.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E910]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       HONORING CONSTITUTION WEEK

                                 ______
                                 

                     HON. ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

                              of virginia

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Ms. SPANBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Constitution 
Week. I also rise to recognize the work and dedication that the 
Daughters of the American Revolution and the Children of the American 
Revolution pour into preserving and promoting the history of our 
Nation.
  It is a privilege to commemorate the 236th anniversary of the 
drafting and adoption of the Constitution of the United States of 
America. Constitution Week serves as a reminder of the enduring 
importance of our Constitution and the freedoms it guarantees. The 
Daughters of the American Revolution and the Children of the American 
Revolution play an invaluable role in educating future generations 
about the principles enshrined by our founding fathers.
  Through educational initiatives, historical preservation efforts, and 
community outreach, the Daughters of the American Revolution and the 
Children of the American Revolution actively engage in preserving our 
nation's story. Their programs--from providing scholarships to holding 
essay contests to facilitating history projects--encourage young 
Americans to take pride in their country and serve as a reminder to 
Americans of their civic duty to protect and defend the Constitution.
  I thank the Daughters of the American Revolution Fredericksburg 
Chapter and the Surgeon Lawrence Brooks Society of the Children of the 
American Revolution for their dedication and service to our communities 
on behalf of this noble cause.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating 
Constitution Week and recognizing the Daughters of the American 
Revolution and the Children of the American Revolution for their 
remarkable achievements and their continued commitment to educating the 
American people about the United States Constitution and the history of 
our Nation.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E910-E911]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              REMARKS ON THE ISRAELI-PALESTINIAN CONFLICT

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. JENNIFER A. KIGGANS

                              of virginia

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mrs. KIGGANS of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record 
remarks submitted at the request of a Virginia Beach constituent, Rabbi 
Dr. Israel Zoberman of Temple Lev Tikvah, and are a reflection of his 
views:

                  On The Israeli-Palestinian Conflict

       Palestinian award-winning author and lawyer, Raja Shehadeh 
     is co-founder in 1979 of Al-Haq, the Palestinian human rights 
     organization. The Observer loaded him, ``Palestine's greatest 
     prose writer'' and the New York Times Book Review heaps 
     praises as well, ``in his moral clarity and bearing of the 
     heart is self-questioning and assistance on focusing on the 
     experience of the individual within the storms of nationalist 
     myth and hubris, Shehadeh recalls writers such as Ghassan 
     Kanafani and Primo Levi.''
       In his latest book with a challenging title, What Does 
     Israel Fear From Palestine? New York: Other Press. 2024, 
     Shehadeh, clearly a Palestinian patriot who was born in 1951 
     in the West Bank town of Ramallah, offers us a concise packed 
     yet imbalanced perspective on the long and agonizing 
     Palestinian-Israeli conflict that the October 7, 2023, 
     Hamas's vile attack with terrifying Holocaust dimensions, has 
     brought into sharp view with months of fighting and much 
     suffering to both sides. The detail-oriented writer and 
     activist is anchored in the Palestinian saga of loss and 
     grievances going back to the pivotal 1948 victorious Israeli 
     War of Independence which the Palestinians painfully regard 
     as their Nakba (Catastrophe).
       Touching are the author's reminiscences of growing up in 
     Ramallah with his grandma who was a refugee from Jaffa, ever 
     missing her old home and inculcating in her young grandson an 
     attachment to the family's past. ``For a long time, I was 
     hostage to the memories, perceptions and attitudes of others 
     that I could not abandon. My sense of place was not my own.'' 
     However, following the 1967 War when he was able to visit 
     Jaffa, his family's roots gained a realistic sense of 
     belonging. The close physical proximity was a primary factor.
       Shehadeh blames the British for the turn of events 
     culminating in the 1948 Arab defeat and the Palestinian 
     debacle, pointing at the 1917 Balfour Declaration as the root 
     cause, stating that the 1922 to 1948 British Mandate was 
     dedicated to fulfilling the earlier declared British 
     commitment toward the Jewish people. I believe that 
     historians would beg to differ, regarding a gradual British 
     shift in the Arabs' favor and manifested in severe limits on 
     Jewish refugees before and after WWII and the Holocaust. 
     Intense Jewish military pressure was created as the British 
     Empire was disintegrating. The author claims that ``what 
     happened in Palestine was the utter dissolution of a 
     nation,'' notwithstanding the acknowledged fact that no such 
     ``nation'' historically existed yet the Israeli Jewish 
     narrative supported by the Bible claims past millennial 
     Jewish life and creativity which is cavalierly dismissed by 
     the author, ``Israel treated the Bible as a historical 
     document and used it to back up the claim that the land had 
     belonged to the Jews from time immemorial, having been 
     promised to them by the Almighty.''
       He bemoans the fate of the Palestinian Arabs, about 
     160,000, who remained in Israel and were ``forced'' to 
     celebrate Israel Independence Day. Admittedly, they were 
     caught in a bind but there is no evidence that they were 
     coerced to celebrate Israel's national festivals. After all 
     they have enjoyed the benefits of becoming Israeli citizens 
     and significant progress of integration was accomplished 
     though challenges remain in a complex scenario with serious 
     security issues. There is evidence of growing Palestinization 
     of Arab Israelis while polls reflect no desire on their part 
     to trade their Israeli citizenship for an Arab one. There is 
     no mention by the author of the 750,000 Jewish refugees in 
     1948 from Arab lands who left under duress, subject to 
     pogroms and losing their belongings following centuries of 
     discrimination.
       It is hard for Shehadeh to come to grips with Israel's 
     success to establish a modern Jewish national identity, 
     defined by him as ``Zionist colonization,'' with the 
     revitalized Hebrew language bestowing Hebrew names on the 
     rebuilt landscape that had carried Arab ones. He points at, a 
     non-starter, proposal of his late father, Aziz Shehadeh, 
     following the 1967 War, to use the 1947 Partition 
     Resolution--then denied by the Arabs--for a Palestinian 
     state. Abba Eban, Israel's legendary foreign minister, 
     insightfully coined that the Palestinians ``never missed an 
     opportunity to miss an opportunity.'' Indeed, the 
     controversial Jewish State Law of July 19, 2018, caused 
     understandable consternation among Israeli Arabs, exacerbated 
     by the dropping of Arabic as an official language. Sadly, I 
     share with the author, only 3% of Israeli Jews are literate 
     in Arabic. That is part of an important discussion concerning 
     Israel's better integration into the surrounding Arab Middle 
     East while there are those Israelis who prefer a Western 
     orientation. I suggest that both approaches ought be pursued 
     tandem.
       The book's Part Two is dedicated to the Gaza War, 2023-4, 
     triggered by the October 7, 2023, Hamas's massacres which the 
     author thankfully condemns though seemingly impressed with 
     the military aspects of catching Israel by surprise as Egypt 
     did in the 1973 Yom Kippur War, the breaking through the 
     failed billion plus costly barrier, along with the heavy 
     Israeli fatalities, casualties and captives. ``The brutality 
     of Hamas's attack and the civilian death toll certainly cast 
     a shadow on their military success.
       Whereas an occupied population has the right under the 
     international law to resist, they have no right to commit war 
     crimes. Still, this time the Palestinians did not fit into 
     the role of victims. To the Israelis it seemed like 
     aggressors who were challenging Israel's very existence.''
       The astute Shehadeh is surely aware that Gaza was returned 
     to the Palestinians in 2005 by then Prime Minister Sharon, 
     followed by Hamas's forceful occupation and the cruel 
     toppling of the Palestinian Authority there with no elections 
     since the 2006 Hamas's ``victory''. He regards the Israeli 
     response to the October 7 Nazi-like Hamas's massacres 
     excessive, expecting public Israeli criticism as back in 1982 
     with the horrific Sabra and Shatila massacres in Lebanon. The 
     author though surely knows that the Christian Phalangists had 
     a decisive hand at that time. Somehow, there is no reference 
     also to Iran's leading role in directing its radical proxies, 
     Hamas, Hezbollah, Houthis and others, to prevent the near 
     peace between Israel and Saudi Arabia with the successful 
     foundation of the Abraham Accords. Also, the author's 
     comparison of Israel to the once South African apartheid 
     state is misleading.
       I wholeheartedly concur with Shehadeh's following 
     assessment, ``Young Israelis felt secure enough that they 
     planned a rave night on the border with Gaza. But when Hamas 
     broke through Israel's vulnerability and insecurity were 
     exposed. Israelis were traumatized because they realized they 
     couldn't go on with their life in the same way, making the 
     same assumptions about the reality of the state and its 
     security. Unless, that is, they defeated the aggressor.'' I 
     also share the author's own response to his book's title, 
     ``The very high human and material cost of the war in Gaza 
     proves that what Israel fears from Palestine is Palestine's 
     very existence.'' Surely a Hamas controlled Palestinian state 
     is not accepted by Israel for obvious reasons.
       I do appreciate Shehadeh's optimism concerning the future, 
     ``And yet, looking back at the history of the region it is 
     only after great upheavals that hopeful consequences

[[Page E911]]

     follow.'' However, the central question and challenge remain, 
     whether two separate and contradictory narratives can be 
     reconciled for the future sake of both peoples.
       Rabbi Dr. Israel Zoberman is the founder of Temple Lev 
     Tikvah in Virginia Beach. Kazakhstan's only born rabbi, he is 
     the son of Polish Holocaust Survivors and spent his early 
     childhood in transit and DP Camps in Austria and Germany. He 
     grew up Haifa, Israel.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E911]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




            RECOGNIZING SEPTEMBER AS SEPSIS AWARENESS MONTH

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. MARCUS J. MOLINARO

                              of new york

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. MOLINARO. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize September 2024 
as Sepsis Awareness Month. We honor individuals who have been affected 
by sepsis and pledge unwavering support and recognition of the 
diagnosis to patients and families.
  Sepsis is a life-threatening medical emergency triggered by the 
body's extreme response to an infection. It occurs when an existing 
infection spurs a chain reaction throughout the body and rapidly leads 
to tissue damage, organ failure, and death without treatment. According 
to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, an estimated 1.7 
million American adults are diagnosed with sepsis and 350,000 adults 
die or are discharged to hospice as a result of it every year. 
Accordingly, 1 in 3 people who die in a hospital had sepsis during that 
hospitalization and for every hour treatment is delayed, the risk of 
death increases by 4 percent to 9 percent. This life-threatening 
medical emergency is the leading cause of death in U.S. hospitals.
  To raise awareness around this devastating diagnosis, we must educate 
people, share survivor stories, and support innovation and research. 
According to the Sepsis Alliance, an estimated 37 percent of U.S. 
adults have never heard of sepsis, reinforcing the need to arm 
communities with the resources to recognize and respond to it. Our 
commitment to accelerating education of the diagnosis must remain a 
priority to save lives and limbs from sepsis.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in the House join me in 
recognizing the month of September to advocate for patients diagnosed 
with sepsis and for the tireless work of the families, caretakers, and 
researchers supporting those who have been impacted by it.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E911]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




     CELEBRATING ASCOT HILLS CHALLENGE 5K RUN/WALK 10TH ANNIVERSARY

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. JIMMY GOMEZ

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and honor the Ascot 
Hills Challenge 5K Run/Walk for their 10 years of organizing a 3.1-mile 
trail course in Northeast Los Angeles.
  Founded by Troy Carbajal, Marleen Fonseca, and David Sifuentes, 
residents of El Sereno in California's 34th Congressional District, the 
Ascot Hills Challenge 5K Run/Walk has donated event proceeds to support 
the Los Angeles Fire Department (LAFD) fire academy magnet school 
program as well as the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) student 
police cadet program at Woodrow Wilson High School since 2014.
  Both the LAFD fire academy magnet school program and the LAPD student 
police cadet program offer a rigorous and disciplined curriculum 
developed for young men and women expressing an interest in a public 
service career.
  Additionally, a portion of the proceeds also goes to assist with the 
efforts to protect, beautify, and maintain Ascot Hills Park for its 
continual community use.
  This annual event not only connects residents with valuable resources 
and organizations in the community, but also serves to encourage youth 
to exercise and participate in public service.
  With limited green space in Northeast Los Angeles, we are grateful to 
have leaders like Troy, Marleen, and David who ensure that Angelenos 
get to experience the green spaces in Los Angeles through events like 
the Ascot Hills Challenge 5K Run/Walk.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating this 
milestone for the Ascot Hills Challenge 5K Run/Walk, and I look forward 
to seeing all that they do in the next 10 years and beyond.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E911]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




    INTRODUCTION OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS AND AMERICAN SAMOA 
                  CRIMINAL JUSTICE SUPPORT ACT OF 2024

                                 ______
                                 

                  HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN

                    of the northern mariana islands

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce legislation that gives 
this House an opportunity to provide more funding for policing.
  My bill, the Northern Mariana Islands and American Samoa Criminal 
Justice Support Act, does this by allowing the Northern Mariana Islands 
and American Samoa to be treated as two separate entities for the 
purposes of the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant program. 
Currently, the Marianas and American Samoa are considered as one entity 
for funding, unlike the other U.S. insular areas--Puerto Rico, Guam, 
and the United States Virgin Islands--which are treated as individual 
jurisdictions, as are all fifty States.
  By fixing this inequity in funding for police in the Marianas and 
American Samoa, we can ensure our local law enforcement agencies 
receive the necessary training and equipment they need to keep our 
communities safe. Making this change will also provide more funding to 
support prosecutors and the courts, as well as justice-related 
initiatives aimed at crime prevention.
  Local law enforcement is increasingly the first line of defense 
against the evolving security threats our country faces. We must do all 
we can to recognize the vital role of our police in maintaining public 
safety.
  The gentlelady from American Samoa, Ms. Radewagen, is an original 
cosponsor of the bill. I urge all my colleagues to consider this 
critical and bipartisan legislation for the good of our island 
communities.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E911]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 HONORING COMMISSIONER L. JEFFREY GREEN

                                 ______
                                 

                     HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ

                               of florida

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, it is with great enthusiasm that 
I rise to recognize Cooper City Commissioner L. Jeffrey Green.
  Jeffrey Green began his career with the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation in January 1988 and recently celebrated his 36th year 
with the Bureau. Mr. Green currently serves as the Community Relations 
Coordinator for the Miami Division and is responsible for expanding the 
FBI's presence in local communities through civic and community 
engagement.
  In addition to his FBI career, Mr. Green is also an elected 
Commissioner for Cooper City. In this capacity, Commissioner Green is 
one of five elected officials responsible for governing local municipal 
affairs. This includes providing oversight of the City's $60+ million-
dollar budget, its public safety operations, and all aspects of running 
a local government.
  Commissioner Green will be ending his term serving the City this 
November. As a devoted public servant for more than 14 years, 
Commissioner Green helped transform Cooper City into ``Someplace 
Special'' to work, live, and raise a family.
  Commissioner Green leads with his heart and has been a calming voice 
on the City Commission throughout his tenure. On behalf of the people 
of Florida's 25th District, we are grateful for his leadership and wish 
him well. We appreciate his invaluable work for the residents of Cooper 
City.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E911-E912]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     RECOGNIZING CONSTITUTION WEEK

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. THOMAS MASSIE

                              of kentucky

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, the Constitution of the United States of 
America, the guardian of our liberties, embodies the principles of 
limited government in a republic dedicated to rule by law.
  September 17, 2024, marks the two hundred and thirty-seventh 
anniversary of the framing of the Constitution of the United States of 
America by the Constitutional Convention.
  It is fitting and proper to accord official recognition to this 
magnificent document and its memorable anniversary, and to the 
patriotic celebrations which will commemorate it.
  To honor this year's Constitution Week, I ask my fellow citizens, and 
especially my fellow Members of Congress, to reaffirm the ideals the 
Framers of the Constitution had in 1787 by vigilantly protecting the 
freedoms guaranteed to us through this guardian of our liberties.

[[Page E912]]

  I extend my sincerest gratitude to the members of the John Guill-
Polly Hawkins Craig Chapter of the National Society Daughters of the 
American Revolution for their steadfast commitment to honoring the 
history of our great Nation and for hosting a Constitution Week 
celebration for my constituents.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E912]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                  HONORING MR. LARRY LAVELLE CHRISTIAN

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. MARC A. VEASEY

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life and 
accomplishments of Larry Lavelle Christian--a hero in our Tarrant 
County community and beyond.
  Larry Lavelle Christian grew up in Jones, Louisiana. As an adult, Mr. 
Christian ultimately moved to North Texas. As a professional truck 
driver, he drove through the entire county. ``Country boy,'' as he was 
known in his childhood, was a steadfast figure of reliability in the 
trucking community, always trying to be helpful and uplift his fellow 
truckers.
  Following the death of his wife, Mr. Christian leaned on his faith 
and felt called to retire. Upon his retirement and in one of the 
darkest moments of his life, Larry wanted to help others. Each week, 
Mr. Christian collected food donations and delivered them to 
underserved neighborhoods.
  Mr. Christian's dedication to the fight against food insecurity 
illustrates his character and commitment to our community. Mr. 
Christian's leadership and dedication has made a true difference in the 
state of Texas. He has been recognized by the Midwest Food Bank Texas, 
a nonprofit focused on combating hunger. In collaboration, they 
launched a major effort to obtain and distribute food to those in need. 
Their combined work led to $673,000 worth of food being provided to 
families, children, and seniors throughout Texas. I am pleased to honor 
Mr. Larry Lavelle Christian today.








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E912]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     CONGRATULATING MILES KRAJEWSKI

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. DUSTY JOHNSON

                            of south dakota

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Miles Krajewski on his remarkable 2024 Paralympic 
performance. Miles and his teammate, Jayci Simon, made Paralympic 
history for the United States by becoming the first Americans to medal 
in Paralympic Badminton. Miles and Jayci earned the silver medal for 
Mixed Doubles in Paris. Hailing from Yankton, South Dakota, Miles 
represented our state with dedication and skill, serving as an 
inspiration to many.
  Miles graduated from Yankton High School earlier this year and will 
attend the University of South Dakota this fall as a business student. 
As an alumnus, I'm confident the University of South Dakota will be a 
great place for Miles to continue excelling as a student and athlete.
  At 19 years old, Miles has achieved significant success. Prior to 
competing at the 2024 Paralympics, he represented Team USA in Santiago 
in 2023. There, Miles won two gold medals in SH6 Badminton events where 
he secured first place in Singles by defeating the defending champion, 
and with Jayci Simon they won gold in Mixed Doubles after prevailing in 
four matches. Miles later earned bronze in Men's Doubles and Mixed 
Doubles in an impressive run at the 2024 Badminton World Federation 
Para-Badminton World Championships.
  I am proud to recognize and congratulate Miles for his hard work, 
dedication to the sport, and performance throughout his career. I wish 
him continued success in his future endeavors. I thank Miles for 
representing South Dakota well.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E912]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




HONORING MS. ALIANNA SIGLER OF ELIZABETH CASHWELL ELEMENTARY ON WINNING 
        CUMBERLAND COUNTY SCHOOLS 2025 TEACHER OF THE YEAR AWARD

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. RICHARD HUDSON

                           of north carolina

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate 
Ms. Alianna Sigler on being named Cumberland County Schools Teacher of 
the Year.
  Ms. Sigler has over nine years of teaching experience and has spent 
the last two years in her current role with Elizabeth Cashwell 
Elementary. She has won the admiration of both students and parents 
alike due to her focus on student-centered education.
  As the son of a retired Cabarrus County teacher, I understand the 
sacrifices our teachers and educators make every single day on behalf 
of our students, and I want to personally thank Ms. Sigler for all of 
her hard work. I feel so proud and blessed that we have such selfless 
and devoted teachers, like Ms. Sigler, in our community.
  Again, congratulations to Ms. Sigler on winning this prestigious 
award. She should feel immensely proud of all she has done to educate 
our students and instill in them a lifelong love of learning.
  Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating Ms. Alianna 
Sigler on being named Cumberland County's Teacher of the Year.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E912]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




               HONORING NATIONAL HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. FRANK J. MRVAN

                               of indiana

                    in the house of representatives

                      Tuesday, September 17, 2024

  Mr. MRVAN. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I rise to 
celebrate National Hispanic Heritage Month and its 2024 theme, Pioneers 
of Change Shaping the Future Together. From September 15, 2024, through 
October 15, 2024, in honor of Hispanic Heritage Month, the people of 
the United States will reflect on the outstanding contributions 
Hispanic Americans have made for the future success of our great 
Nation.
  Hispanic Heritage Month begins each year on September 15 and 
recognizes the anniversaries of the independence of five Latin American 
countries: Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Nicaragua. 
Mexico and Chile observe their independence days on September 16 and 
September 18, respectively. This month, we take the time to commend the 
many inspiring Hispanic leaders that work to create programs and 
opportunities that are crucial for the progress of the Hispanic 
community in Northwest Indiana and beyond.
  I am proud and honored to highlight recent efforts made in the region 
to strengthen educational opportunities for the Hispanic community. In 
2020, Indiana University Northwest in Gary, Indiana, was designated as 
a Hispanic-Serving Institution by the United States Department of 
Education. Purdue University Northwest in Hammond, Indiana, received 
the same designation in 2024. The Hispanic-Serving Institution 
designation provides universities with resources for the implementation 
of programs, facilities, and services to enhance educational 
opportunities for Hispanic Americans. I believe that this remarkable 
program not only empowers the Hispanic community throughout Northwest 
Indiana but is truly vital for the prosperity of our country.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join 
me in celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month and in honoring the leaders 
and members of the Hispanic community who have worked to improve the 
quality of life for all Americans for generations to come. Our Nation's 
success is reliant upon the rich heritage and cultural diversity of its 
people.

                          ____________________








[Page H5241]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




            ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION POSES NATIONAL SECURITY RISK

  The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. Joyce) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, since taking office, 
President Biden and Vice President Harris have thrown open our doors to 
more than 10 million illegal immigrants, more than 99.7 percent of whom 
are still in the United States today.
  This mass illegal immigration poses a national security risk, with 
Border Patrol agents lacking the tools and resources needed to stop, 
apprehend, and deport illegal immigrants. With cities now strained by 
illegal immigrants taking up shelter in school gyms and utilizing 
resources already stressed by record inflation, American communities 
are now forced to confront this crisis created by an open-border 
policy.
  In New York City alone, free hotels, free healthcare, and debit cards 
have attracted more than 100,000 migrants since the spring of 2022, and 
more than 65,000 of them remain in New York City today.
  It is time for the House to pass the No Bailout for Sanctuary Cities 
Act, which would prohibit our tax dollars from being used by sanctuary 
cities to benefit these illegal immigrants.
  We need to return to the secure-border policies that we had under 
President Donald J. Trump. It is time to secure our borders, and it is 
time to disincentivize the policies that made each and every State a 
border State.


         Streamline Enrolling in Out-of-State Medicaid Programs

  Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, later today, the House will 
consider the Accelerating Kids' Access to Care Act. This important 
legislation will streamline the process for doctors to enroll in out-
of-State Medicaid programs in order to provide much-needed care for 
children.
  Last year, I met with two of my constituents from Perry County, Derek 
and Amy Nesbit, who shared with me the story of their son, William, and 
William's battle with leukemia.
  Throughout William's treatment, the Nesbit family was met with red 
tape and bureaucracy that led to difficulties in receiving the 
treatment that William so desperately needed and the treatment that 
William deserved.
  Tragically, William lost his battle with leukemia, and since then, 
the Nesbits have dedicated their time and resources to advocating for a 
better system for the children and families who are affected with 
diseases.
  Children enrolled in Medicaid deserve access to the best possible 
care, and we have a responsibility to remove obstacles that exist 
because of where a patient lives.
  Today, I am proud to support this important bill, the Accelerating 
Kids' Access to Care Act, which will remove these barriers and enable 
access to timely and quality care for all of our kids.

                          ____________________








[Page H5241]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          MORNING-HOUR DEBATE

  The SPEAKER. Pursuant to the order of the House of January 9, 2024, 
the Chair will now recognize Members from lists submitted by the 
majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate.
  The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with time 
equally allocated between the parties and each Member other than the 
majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 
minutes, but in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m.

                          ____________________








[Page H5241]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

[[Page H5241]]

House of Representatives

  The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5241-H5242]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




         COMMEMORATING COMMUNITY BLOCK GRANT'S 50TH ANNIVERSARY

  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Obernolte). The Chair recognizes the 
gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Cleaver) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 50th anniversary 
of the Community Development Block Grant program, known as CDBG, and I 
recognize its tremendous contributions to the viability of American 
communities.
  The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development CDBG program 
provides funding to over 1,200 States, local jurisdictions, and 
ancillary areas across the United States.
  Since the creation of the program in 1975, HUD and Congress have 
invested more than $1.7 billion in job creation, building affordable 
housing, funding disaster recovery efforts, and supporting economic 
development and infrastructure projects, primarily serving low- to 
moderate-income populations.
  Notably, the CDBG program is the most flexible source of Federal 
funding to States, localities, and ancillary areas for economic and 
community development purposes. State and local governments work with 
their local program partners with input from the public to develop 
programs that are initiated, planned, and developed at the local level 
and meet national objectives.
  As a former mayor of Kansas City, Missouri, Missouri's largest 
municipality, I know firsthand the importance of having a flexible 
Federal program that can meet unique local challenges. Due to its 
nature, CDBG is often layered with other HUD funds or used for gap 
financing to add the final necessary funds that make transformative 
community projects viable.
  In 2023, the CDBG program provided funding for housing-related 
activities

[[Page H5242]]

that served nearly 62,000 families, including direct homeownership 
assistance and rehabilitation of homes; assisting more than 25,500 
individuals to find permanent employment or to keep full-time jobs they 
were at risk of losing through economic development activities; 
improvements to homeless facilities that served more than 52,000 
people; and operating costs of homeless and HIV/AIDS patient programs, 
senior services, food banks, services for the disabled, youth services, 
transportation services, and general health or mental health services 
that assisted more that 5.4 million Americans.
  HUD requests that grantees report on leveraged funds as well as 
public-private partnerships to demonstrate local investment. Grantees 
reported that CDBG investments leveraged an average of $5.02 for every 
$1 of CDBG grant funding during 2022, amplifying the program's return 
on investment with $4.9 billion in other resources.
  The 50th anniversary is now an opportunity to commemorate this 
milestone and commit to strengthening the CDBG program with additional 
funding and programming improvements.
  My legislation, the CDBG Improvement Act, would permanently authorize 
the CDBG program, increase funding to offset inflation and account for 
the increase in the number of entitlement jurisdictions since 1974, and 
authorize housing construction as an eligible program activity, among 
other purposes.
  As ranking member of the Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, with 
jurisdiction over the CDBG program, I congratulate the CDBG champions 
and advocates and look forward to working together on this mission.

                          ____________________








[Page H5242]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




          ESTABLISHING REFUNDABLE TAX CREDIT FOR IVF EXPENSES

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from 
Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks) for 5 minutes.
  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill to 
establish a refundable tax credit for expenses incurred through in 
vitro fertilization, or IVF.
  For many, including some of my own family members, the struggle with 
infertility has been profoundly heart-wrenching. While IVF presents its 
own challenges, it offers a vital opportunity for pregnancy and 
parenthood that should be accessible to all families facing these 
difficulties.
  With the U.S. birthrate declining and IVF contributing to 2 to 3 
percent of births, it is crucial to support families seeking to grow.
  As a physician, I value every life, and as a mother, I understand the 
importance of empowering families to expand on their own terms and 
their own timelines.
  This measure will provide a fully refundable tax credit for IVF-
related medical expenses up to $30,000 over a lifetime. It will cover 
essential costs, such as transportation, egg retrievals, counseling, 
and medications.

  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, making the 
dream of parenthood more attainable and reaffirming our commitment to 
helping families.


                      Horrific Acts in Gaza Strip

  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today disgusted by the 
horrific acts which have taken place in the Gaza Strip. This brutal 
execution of six hostages taken by the Hamas war criminals is nothing 
more than the most recent development in a campaign of terror with one 
goal: the extermination of the Jewish State of Israel.
  One of these hostages, an American man by the name of Hersh Goldberg-
Polin, was enjoying the Re'im music festival when this band of thugs 
turned this peaceful day into a living hell. During the attack, Mr. 
Goldberg-Polin's arm was blown off by a grenade. He spent the next 330 
days terrified that he would never see his family again. On August 31, 
2024, they executed this badly wounded American music lover.
  I recently visited the families of some of the hostages in Israel as 
well as here in the United States. I saw firsthand the unimaginable 
hope and strength these families have lived with for the past 11 
months.
  Hope for Goldberg-Polin's family has run out, but strength remains as 
they mourn their loss.
  The thoughts and prayers of the American people will continue to be 
with the Israeli people. May God be with them.


                         Honoring Kids for Vets

  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and thank Kids 
for Vets, which raised over $10,000 through lemonade stands for veteran 
causes in the Quad Cities.
  As a 24-year Army veteran, it warms my heart to see America's youth 
so deeply concerned about our servicemembers.
  Kids for Vets partners with amazing nonprofit organizations, such as 
the Quad Cities Outreach Center and SEAL Family Legacy, to provide 
support to Gold Star families, food banks, job placement, housing 
assistance, and so much more for America's heroes.
  Because of the outstanding work of Kids for Vets and their partners, 
veterans in the Quad Cities and greater eastern Iowa have a support 
system that puts their essential needs first.
  Mr. Speaker, I applaud the amazing work of Kids for Vets, and I ask 
my colleagues to join me in supporting and thanking this incredible 
organization.

                              {time}  1215


                      Congratulating Matt Stutzman

  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Matt 
Stutzman of Fairfield, Iowa, for winning the gold medal in archery in 
the 2024 Paralympics. Matt is a distinguished athlete who has overcome 
the immense obstacle of being born without both arms to set the new 
Paralympic record of a score of 149 points out of 150 points possible.
  In admiration of his father, Matt developed an interest in bow 
hunting. Upon noticing his interest in hunting, Matt's father bought 
him his first bow at age 16. From that point on, he was passionately 
dedicated to enhancing his skills. His first achievement came in the 
form of an Olympic silver medal in the 2012 Paralympics.
  Next, in 2015, he set a new world record by hitting a target from 283 
meters away, a record previously held by an able-bodied athlete.
  Matt is a testament to the will and determination of Iowa's First 
District, and we expect further great things from him in the future.


 University of Iowa's Space Technology Innovation and Education Project

  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the $1.5 
million in Federal funding secured for a space technology innovation 
and education project at the University of Iowa's department of physics 
and astronomy. This funding will be used to build state-of-the-art 
space equipment to help train the next generation of cosmic leaders.
  I was happy to visit the university shortly after securing these 
funds to speak to students and faculty about the impact this will have.
  The University of Iowa is already a leading school for researching 
the skies above, and this critical investment will further the 
University of Iowa's standing as a leading university in the 
development of space instruments for NASA and for America's astronauts.
  Our country is in dire need of leaders in the astronomical field, 
which is why I am proud to secure this funding for one of America's 
leading educational institutions. With that said, I ask my colleagues 
to join me in wishing the best for the University of Iowa's future 
astronauts.


                       Happy Birthday Curt Meeks

  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I extend the warmest birthday 
greetings to a most amazing man and life partner, my husband Curt 
Meeks.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5242-H5243]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      JUSTICE FOR DR. SEIF FATEEN

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Ms. DelBene) for 5 minutes.
  Ms. DelBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to demand justice for Dr. Seif 
Fateen, an MIT-educated professor who has been unjustly detained in 
Egypt since 2018.
  Dr. Fateen served in Egypt's Ministry of Education before the 
government was overthrown in a coup in 2013. His home was later raided 
without a warrant, and he was arrested.
  For the last 6 years, he has been held without a trial date despite 
an Egyptian law that sets a 2-year maximum

[[Page H5243]]

for pretrial detention. Dr. Fateen has experienced various forms of 
mistreatment, torture, and near-total isolation during his detention, 
and he continues to be denied basic due process.
  I thank Dr. Fateen's family, who live in Redmond, Washington, in my 
district, for bringing his case to my attention.
  I recently met with the Egyptian Ambassador to advocate for Dr. 
Fateen, and I will continue to demand justice so that he can be 
reunited with his family as soon as possible.

                          ____________________








[Page H5243]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                            SOCIAL SECURITY

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
Connecticut (Mr. Larson) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address and 
speak about the Nation's number one antipoverty program for the elderly 
and the number one antipoverty program for children, and the program 
that more veterans rely on for disability than the VA. Of course, I am 
talking about Social Security.
  What the public doesn't know, but should, is that Congress hasn't 
acted to enhance Social Security since 1971. That is 53 years. A lot 
has transpired and happened over 53 years, and with 10,000 baby boomers 
a day becoming eligible for Social Security, it is long overdue that 
Congress acts.
  We have a proposal. Our proposal is called Social Security 2100, and 
this is exactly what it does. It makes sure that no one can retire into 
poverty. We have over 5 million Americans who have paid into Social 
Security and get below-poverty-level checks.
  Nobody gets wealthy on Social Security. The average is $18,000 per 
male and $14,000 per female. As I said, 5 million of our fellow 
citizens are getting below-poverty-level checks on a commitment they 
made to their government to get the insurance.
  That is what we are talking about here. It is insurance. Social 
Security also is one of the most efficient government programs. Its 
administrative costs are under 1 percent. There is no other agency that 
does that and services over 70 million people.
  I would also like to remind my colleagues on the other side of the 
aisle that Social Security is important because it impacts your 
district directly.
  Mr. Speaker, for example, you have 134,536 recipients: 95,000-plus 
are retirees; 15,000 are disabled; 8,756 are widows; and 9,942 are 
children. That is not the most critical thing though. The critical 
thing is: How much money comes into your district on a monthly basis?
  In California's 23rd District, it is $213 million a month, and that 
hasn't been adjusted since 1971.
  What do these people do with this money when they get it?
  They spend it right back in their district at the local grocery 
store, at the local pharmacy, to pay for their heating and cooling, to 
put gas in their automobiles. It, therefore, is a direct economic 
development plan for the people in this Nation who need it the most.
  For more than 40 percent of Americans, Social Security is the only 
benefit they have. They don't have benefits like the Federal Government 
has or like the United States Congress has. All they have is that very 
simple policy and a commitment from their government that they would 
make it actuarially sound. Instead, what they get is doubt and fear and 
the fact that the trust fund will be cut 20 percent now by 2033 if 
Congress continues to do nothing.
  It is long overdue.
  Why is it, citizens must ask, that Congress can't come together to 
take care of the very citizens whom they are sworn to serve on an 
insurance plan that is the most efficient in government operating under 
at 1 percent administrative cost.
  Mr. Speaker, you can't find another agency in the private sector, and 
I hail from an insurance capital, to administer insurances anywhere 
from 15 to 26 percent. In government they do it for under 1.
  Act, Congress.

                          ____________________








[Page H5243]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    NATIONAL POW/MIA RECOGNITION DAY

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from 
New York (Ms. Malliotakis) for 5 minutes.
  Ms. MALLIOTAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of National POW/MIA 
Recognition Day, which is commemorated on the third Friday of September 
every year. This past weekend I joined the Vietnam Veterans of America 
in my district to bring attention to the more than 80,000 American 
servicemembers who were prisoners of war and those still missing in 
action.
  My community of Staten Island, New York, recently learned from the 
Department of Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency that the remains of 
U.S. Army Air Forces Second Lieutenant Francis E. Callahan of New 
Brighton were identified after 80 years. Lieutenant Callahan and 10 
other servicemembers were killed in action during World War II when 
their plane was shot down by an enemy combatant during a bombing 
mission to Brunswick, Germany.
  At the time, the crash site could not be located by Allied forces or 
Army investigators. However, in 2015, an independent research group, 
Missing Allied Air Crew Research Team, contacted the Defense POW/MIA 
Accounting Agency historians with new information related to a possible 
crash site near Wistedt, Germany.
  The agency's investigators were able to find the location and 
recovered various pieces of wreckage between 2021 and 2023.
  Following extensive laboratory analysis, anthropological and dental 
analysis, along with the available circumstantial evidence, an 
association between the remains and Callahan was established. Now 
Second Lieutenant Callahan will be buried in Arlington National 
Cemetery to rest with his brothers.
  Sadly, 3 of the 10 members of Callahan's crew still remain 
unaccounted for. They are among the tens of thousands of other 
servicemembers who remain missing. As a nation grateful to those who 
served and those who made the ultimate sacrifice, we must continue to 
raise awareness of this issue and work toward the repatriation of all 
our POW/MIA and bring closure to their families and communities.
  The identification and repatriation of Lieutenant Callahan, along 
with Private First Class Raymond Smith of Brooklyn, whose remains 
returned to New York City in 2021, 71 years after he went missing in 
action during the Korean war, give us renewed hope that our Nation will 
fulfill its promise and commitment to return every single American who 
served our Nation on foreign land.

  As the POW/MIA flag states, these heroes are not forgotten, and we 
will do everything we can to honor their memory and bring them home.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5243-H5244]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




 RECOGNIZING AND HONORING SERGEANT MAJOR JUAN OGO BLAZ, A PROUD SON OF 
                                  GUAM

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Guam 
(Mr. Moylan) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. MOYLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor Sergeant Major 
Juan Ogo Blaz, a proud son of Guam who sadly passed away on September 
3, 2024.
  Sergeant Major Blaz served with the 82nd Airborne Division in Vietnam 
where he experienced intense combat and served gallantly. During a 1969 
incident, Sergeant Major Blaz' platoon came under attack, instantly 
incapacitating the platoon leader. Sergeant Major Blaz took immediate 
command of his unit and moved to drag other wounded men into positions 
of safety.
  While evacuating the wounded, Sergeant Major Blaz himself was injured 
in his right shoulder but refused medevac at that moment. The platoon 
continued receiving fire from enemy bunkers, and when close air support 
arrived, they struggled to place rockets on target. Despite his 
injuries, Sergeant Major Blaz made a series of solo charges at enemy 
positions marking them with smoke for attack by aircraft. Only once 
these enemy positions were neutralized did Sergeant Major Blaz accept 
medical care.
  Based on these actions, Sergeant Major Juan Ogo Blaz has earned 
himself a place among the pantheon of Guam's heroes. His life and 
military career stand as an example of patriotism and the people of 
Guam will always be proud of his legacy. Although in his

[[Page H5244]]

life Sergeant Major Blaz was only awarded the Distinguished Service 
Cross for his actions in Vietnam. As honorable as this distinction 
holds, many would agree that his acts of valor mirrored those 
throughout the Nation who were recognized with the Congressional Medal 
of Honor, the highest of honors bestowed to military heroes.
  Since the start of my term, I have prioritized ensuring that Sergeant 
Major Blaz and two other Guam heroes, who also qualify for the 
Congressional Medal of Honor for their acts of heroism from the Vietnam 
conflict, are indeed recognized so that a chapter spanning nearly six 
decades would finally be close to a conclusion.


            Honoring Congressional Medal of Honor Recipients

  Mr. MOYLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, and I am happy to share that 
earlier this year an amendment I was able to offer was successfully 
included in the FY 2025 National Defense Authorization Act, which would 
award the Congressional Medal of Honor to Sergeant Major Juan Ogo Blaz, 
Army Command Sergeant Martin Manglona, and the late Army Specialist 
Joseph Perez. I was even more humbled when I saw the joy in the eyes of 
Sergeant Major Blaz when I shared the news in person and advised that 
we are almost there.
  Sadly, the Sergeant Major passed away, and while he may not be here 
with us to accept his much-deserved Congressional Medal of Honor, if 
language remains in the final version of the NDAA, he will be here in 
spirit. More importantly, he will be smiling down on the island and 
Nation which he proudly and faithfully served.
  I am committed to getting this job done.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask that in these historic Halls, I would like to take 
this time to ask for a moment of silence to honor the late Sergeant 
Major Juan Ogo Blaz, a man of family, faith, patriotism, and a true 
hero of this Nation.
  May he rest in peace.

                          ____________________








[Page H5244]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1400
                              AFTER RECESS

  The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the 
Speaker pro tempore (Ms. Malliotakis) at 2 p.m.

                          ____________________








[Page H5244]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                                 RECESS

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the 
Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today.
  Accordingly (at 12 o'clock and 35 minutes p.m.), the House stood in 
recess.

                          ____________________








[Page H5244]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1230
                        IN HONOR OF IRA SULLIVAN

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
Florida (Mr. Frost) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. FROST. Mr. Speaker, we are nearing 4 years since we lost a jazz 
great. I rise today to honor the life of one of our jazz legends and 
icons, Ira Sullivan.
  Ira was many things: a jazz great, an educator, a mentor, a father, a 
husband, and a friend of mine.
  I remember first meeting him when I was in about the seventh or 
eighth grade, as a student of the University of Miami Young Musicians 
Camp Jazz Honor Program.
  I remember walking in very young, and he asked me to play vibraphone 
to a jazz song, which was kind of weird for me. I was pretty young in 
my jazz education career, and I didn't know about jazz vibraphone. It 
almost felt as if he was asking me to play a timpani to a jazz song. It 
was very foreign.
  The next day, I came in, and he gave me a pair of Gary Burton 
mallets, and he told me to give it a try. Believe it or not, I was 
still very confused. Either way, that decision and that gift he gave me 
changed my life forever.
  From then on, I would start practicing jazz vibraphone and became 
quite obsessed with it. I stopped auditioning on the drum set at my 
school and started auditioning to be a jazz vibraphonist.
  Years passed. Ira would always invite me to go back to perform with 
him in whatever the new class was at the University of Miami for the 
summer camp. I got to meet all the young people from across the country 
who Ira had inspired and whose lives he had changed.
  Ira Sullivan achieved technical skills not achieved by many: a multi-
instrumentalist in the truest sense of the word, fluidly being able to 
play trumpet, saxophone, flute, and other instruments.
  Ira also had the ability to be a jazz great in the history books but 
also remain an accessible educator for artists of many different 
levels. Ira mentored greats such as Jaco Pastorius and Pat Metheny, but 
he also continued to teach high schoolers and college-aged students at 
the Young Musicians Camp at the University of Miami, where I met him.
  Today, I honor the life of Ira Sullivan because he inspired so many 
young musicians.
  I stopped practicing swing many, many years ago, but I have been 
telling myself that I ought to get back to it. I am committed to 
starting back up in his honor.
  The last thing I will say, too, is a quick story. I remember going 
into high school jazz band, and I hadn't practiced very much that day. 
I got yelled at by the band director, rightfully so.
  That night, I went home and felt very defeated. My dad came into my 
room with the house phone, and he said: Ira Sullivan is on the phone 
for you. I said: The Ira Sullivan? He said: Yeah, the Ira Sullivan.
  I spoke with him for maybe 30 minutes, 45 minutes, told him about my 
day. I remember hanging up and going to practice all night. God bless 
my parents.
  I went into jazz band that next day. Not only was I able to play the 
song proficiently, but I did it with so much passion, some of the most 
passion I had ever played with before. I think it is because, number 
one, I got up off of my butt and practiced, but also because Ira 
Sullivan called me.
  Long live the memory of Ira Sullivan, jazz great, educator, friend, 
and mentor.


                 Acknowledging Suicide Prevention Month

  Mr. FROST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize September as 
Suicide Prevention Month, a time for us to come together, raise 
awareness, and offer hope to those facing thoughts of suicide and other 
mental health issues.
  This issue hits particularly close to home for our veterans as we 
lose 17 veterans due to suicide every day. These are our friends, loved 
ones, neighbors, and people who served our country with courage, but 
are now struggling in silence. Whether it is safe firearm storage, 
better and increased access to mental healthcare, or the immediate 
support of the 988 Suicide Crisis Lifeline, we can all play a part in 
saving lives.
  People in a mental health or suicide crisis deserve and need a 
compassionate and an effective response. The path toward saving lives 
starts with a conversation. Talking openly about suicide prevention and 
mental health can break the silence, and sometimes just one 
conversation can make all the difference.
  We owe it to those who we have lost and those still struggling to 
listen and to act and to work together toward a future where no one has 
to fight alone.


                        In Honor of Omari Jones

  Mr. FROST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Omari Jones, an 
exceptional central Floridian in my district who has made history as a 
bronze medalist in boxing at the 2024 Olympics.
  Omari was just one of eight boxers to bring home a medal, 
demonstrating his skill, courage, and determination.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5244-H5245]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                                 PRAYER

  The Chaplain, the Reverend Margaret Grun Kibben, offered the 
following prayer:
  Eternal God, every good and perfect gift is from You. 237 years ago, 
Benjamin Franklin prayed to You, Father of lights, to illuminate our 
understanding of this mantle that You have placed on the people of the 
United States. For it is by Your generous hand that this Nation was 
given freedom and liberty, as well as the noble and weighty 
responsibility to govern with integrity and honor.
  Today, as we celebrate the signing of our Constitution on this day in 
1787, we pray that we have stewarded Your gifts faithfully, as our 
Founders intended. We recommit ourselves to forming a

[[Page H5245]]

more perfect Union, to establishing justice, to ensuring domestic 
tranquility, to providing for the common defense, to promoting the 
general welfare, and to securing the blessings of liberty for ourselves 
and our prosperity.
  More importantly, on this day, we renew our dependence on Your 
guidance as we do our part to uphold our Republic. In our efforts to 
preserve this democracy, may we continue to seek Your righteousness and 
to rely on Your gracious guidance. For in You, God of our past, our 
present, and our future, there is no shadow or change, no failing of 
Your compassion.
  Great is Your faithfulness now and always.
  Amen.

                          ____________________








[Page H5245]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




       NATIONAL PRISONER OF WAR/MISSING IN ACTION RECOGNITION DAY

  (Mr. BEAN of Florida asked and was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. BEAN of Florida. Madam Speaker, I rise in honor of National 
Prisoner of War/Missing in Action Recognition Day to remember the more 
than 500,000 POWs who endured the horrors of enemy captivity. We 
remember the tens of thousands of our brave patriots who are still 
missing in action and have yet to return home safely to the warm 
embrace of their families and loved ones.
  In an expression of solidarity, Americans will honor the lives of our 
greatest heroes, and the POW/MIA flag will fly proudly.
  Our brave patriots and their families deserve more than just 1 day. 
They deserve a place to be honored and mourned all year long. That is 
why I have introduced legislation to designate the National POW/MIA 
Memorial & Museum at Cecil Field in northeast Florida as a national 
landmark.
  Madam Speaker, on this day, we the people, with a grateful heart, 
salute those who endured great dangers in the hands of the enemy and 
those lost in service to our Nation. We reaffirm our commitment to 
resolve the accounting of our great American patriots.
  May we never forget.

                          ____________________








[Page H5245]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    PAYING TRIBUTE TO MARGARET DAVIS

  (Mr. DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to an 
outstanding nurse practitioner who is a dear friend of mine, who passed 
away a few days ago. Her name is Margaret Davis, and people would often 
ask if she was a relative, and I would always say: No, but I wish that 
she was.
  She was, indeed, one of the most effective nurses I have ever known 
during my lifetime. She was also one of the most intellectual persons I 
have ever known.
  So we simply express condolences to her family and friends and cite 
her work as president of the Black Nurses Association in the city of 
Chicago.
  Margaret, you have done well. Rest in peace.

                          ____________________








[Page H5245]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




     RECOGNIZING BORING BUSINESS SYSTEMS ON THEIR 100TH ANNIVERSARY

  (Mr. SCOTT FRANKLIN of Florida asked and was given permission to 
address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. SCOTT FRANKLIN of Florida. Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and congratulate Boring Business Systems in my hometown of 
Lakeland, Florida, on the company's 100th anniversary.
  Founded in 1924 as the Lakeland Typewriter and Supply Company, 
Boring's longevity is a testament to its leaders' vision to anticipate 
the continually evolving needs of the business community. From its 
humble beginnings as a retail provider of manual typewriters and adding 
machines, Boring now provides IT services, cybersecurity, document 
management, and comprehensive network support.
  Less than one-half of 1 percent of businesses still exist after 100 
years. Making this milestone even more special is the fact that Boring 
is now 100 percent employee owned, a result of chairman emeritus Dean 
Boring's commitment to ensure the company thrives as it enters its 
second century.
  I salute all the member owners of Boring Business Systems on this 
momentous occasion.

                          ____________________








[Page H5245]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         WORLD SERIES CHAMPIONS

  (Mr. DAVIS of North Carolina asked and was given permission to 
address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. DAVIS of North Carolina. Madam Speaker, fans were on the edge of 
their seats as the Pitt County Girls Softball League made history by 
winning the Little League World Series.
  With exemplary skill and talent, they defeated Team Louisiana 
Southwest 1-0. They had a flawless tournament, and no one scored 
against them. They outscored their opponents by a whopping combined 
score of 44-0.
  I thank the players, coaches, family, fans, and community for 
rallying in support of this remarkable and amazing team. Eastern North 
Carolina is proud to celebrate this victory.
  The players reflect the best of America, and they should be extremely 
proud knowing they are the best in the world.

                          ____________________








[Page H5245]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                NATIONAL TRUCK DRIVER APPRECIATION WEEK

  (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute.)
  Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize 3.6 million 
American truckers during National Truck Driver Appreciation Week.
  Truckers keep our Nation moving forward. Every year, across more than 
300 billion miles of highways and back roads, these men and women 
deliver 11.5 billion tons of goods to feed our families, fuel our 
industries, and sustain our communities.
  Whenever you see a truck on the road, Madam Speaker, know that behind 
the wheel, someone is often miles away from home and family to deliver 
goods we usually take for granted.
  Without these unsung heroes, grocery shelves would be bare, factories 
would shut down, hospitals would run out of medication, and cars would 
be stranded without fuel.
  I thank all our truck drivers for their hard work in undertaking one 
of our economy's most demanding and vital jobs.

                          ____________________








[Page H5245]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. 
Ezell) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance.
  Mr. EZELL led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows:

       I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of 
     America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation 
     under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.

                          ____________________








[Page H5245]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              THE JOURNAL

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the 
last day's proceedings and announces to the House the approval thereof.
  Pursuant to clause 1 of rule I, the Journal stands approved.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5245-H5246]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       BAY ST. LOUIS, MISSISSIPPI

  (Mr. EZELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute.)
  Mr. EZELL. Madam Speaker, I am excited to share that Bay St. Louis, 
Mississippi, has recently been named one of the best places to live in 
2024.
  This charming Mississippi Gulf Coast town, often referred to as part 
of the secret coast, has gained national attention for its many outdoor 
activities and strong sense of community.
  When I visit, I immediately can feel that the folks of Bay St. Louis 
take pride in supporting one another and working together to make it a 
better place for everyone.
  Some of the city's main attractions include a resilient seaside 
downtown area with many historic eateries, monthly art walks, and, of 
course, the beachside atmosphere. It embodies the small-town feel with 
big cultural energy.
  Also, because of its easy access to many waterways, including the 
Gulf of Mexico and the Jourdan River, flowing

[[Page H5246]]

to the Bay St. Louis bay, this coastal city has been a key participant 
in the renewal of the Gulf's oyster population.
  Bay St. Louis is a place apart, and I am honored to represent this 
community in Congress, and I encourage all Members to visit.
  I congratulate this wonderful community on such a well-deserved 
recognition.

                          ____________________








[Page H5246]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair 
will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules 
on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes 
objected to under clause 6 of rule XX.
  The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later 
time.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5246-H5248]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




               FIFA WORLD CUP 2026 COMMEMORATIVE COIN ACT

  Mrs. KIM of California. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
and pass the bill (H.R. 7438) to require the Secretary of the Treasury 
to mint coins in commemoration of the FIFA World Cup 2026, and for 
other purposes.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7438

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``FIFA World Cup 2026 
     Commemorative Coin Act''.

     SEC. 2. FINDINGS.

       Congress finds the following:
       (1) The FIFA World Cup 2026--
       (A) will be held in the United States, Mexico, and Canada;
       (B) will be the first time the Men's World Cup has been 
     held in the United States in 32 years; and
       (C) will be the second Men's World Cup hosted by the United 
     States and the largest and most inclusive World Cup ever 
     hosted, with 48 teams in 16 cities across 3 countries.
       (2) Host cities and locations in the United States will 
     include Atlanta, Boston, Dallas, Houston, Kansas City, Los 
     Angeles, Miami, the New York/New Jersey area, the San 
     Francisco Bay area, and Seattle.
       (3) The FIFA World Cup 2026 will be organized under a FIFA-
     led operating model, which was introduced in the FIFA Women's 
     World Cup in Australia and New Zealand in 2023.
       (4) Through the FIFA-led operating model, the FIFA World 
     Cup 2026 is being planned and executed by FWC2026 US, Inc., 
     an organization exempt from taxation pursuant to section 
     501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, headquartered 
     in Miami.
       (5) The FIFA-led operating model includes a guaranteed 
     framework for providing a legacy fund to each participating 
     host member: the United States Soccer Federation, Canada 
     Soccer, and the Mexican Football Federation.
       (6) A FIFA World Cup 2026 commemorative coin program has 
     the opportunity to shape a lasting legacy for the sport of 
     soccer in the United States, support underserved communities, 
     and celebrate a unifying global event.

     SEC. 3. COIN SPECIFICATIONS.

       (a) Denominations.--The Secretary of the Treasury shall 
     mint and issue the following coins in commemoration of the 
     FIFA World Cup 2026:
       (1) $5 gold coins.--Not more than 100,000 $5 coins, each of 
     which shall--
       (A) weigh 8.359 grams;
       (B) have a diameter of 0.850 inches; and
       (C) contain not less than 90 percent gold.
       (2) $1 silver coins.--Not more than 500,000 $1 coins, each 
     of which shall--
       (A) weigh 26.73 grams;
       (B) have a diameter of 1.500 inches; and
       (C) contain not less than 90 percent silver.
       (3) Half-dollar clad coins.--Not more than 750,000 half-
     dollar coins, each of which shall--
       (A) weigh 11.34 grams;
       (B) have a diameter of 1.205 inches; and
       (C) be minted to the specifications for half-dollar coins 
     contained in section 5112(b) of title 31, United States Code.
       (b) Legal Tender.--The coins minted under this Act shall be 
     legal tender, as provided in section 5103 of title 31, United 
     States Code.
       (c) Numismatic Items.--For purposes of sections 5134 and 
     5136 of title 31, United States Code, all coins minted under 
     this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items.
       (d) Mintage Limit Exception.--If the Secretary determines, 
     based on independent, market-based research conducted by 
     FWC2026 US, Inc., that the mintage levels described in this 
     section are not adequate to meet public demand, the Secretary 
     may increase the mintage levels as the Secretary determines 
     is necessary to meet public demand.

     SEC. 4. DESIGN OF COINS.

       (a) Design Requirements.--
       (1) In general.--The designs of the coins minted under this 
     Act shall be emblematic of the sport of soccer and the FIFA 
     World Cup.
       (2) Designation and inscriptions.--On each coin minted 
     under this Act, there shall be--
       (A) a designation of the value of the coin;
       (B) an inscription of the year ``2026''; and
       (C) inscriptions of the words ``Liberty'', ``In God We 
     Trust'', ``United States of America'', and ``E Pluribus 
     Unum''.
       (3) Selection.--The designs for the coins minted under this 
     Act shall be--
       (A) selected by the Secretary after consultation with--
       (i) FWC2026 US, Inc.; and
       (ii) the Commission of Fine Arts; and
       (B) reviewed by the Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee.

     SEC. 5. ISSUANCE OF COINS.

       (a) Quality of Coins.--The Secretary may issue coins minted 
     under this Act in uncirculated and proof qualities.
       (b) Period of Issuance.--The Secretary may issue coins 
     under this Act only during the calendar year beginning on 
     January 1, 2026.

     SEC. 6. SALE OF COINS.

       (a) Sale Price.--The coins issued under this Act shall be 
     sold by the Secretary at a price equal to the sum of--
       (1) the face value of the coins;
       (2) the surcharge provided in section 7(a) with respect to 
     such coins; and
       (3) the cost of designing and issuing the coins (including 
     labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, overhead expenses, 
     marketing, and shipping).
       (b) Bulk Sales.--The Secretary shall make bulk sales of the 
     coins issued under this Act at a reasonable discount.
       (c) Prepaid Orders.--
       (1) In general.--The Secretary shall accept prepaid orders 
     for the coins minted under this Act before the issuance of 
     such coins.
       (2) Discount.--Sale prices with respect to prepaid orders 
     under paragraph (1) shall be at a reasonable discount.

     SEC. 7. SURCHARGES.

       (a) In General.--All sales of coins issued under this Act 
     shall include a surcharge of--
       (1) $35 per coin for the $5 coin;
       (2) $10 per coin for the $1 coin; and
       (3) $5 per coin for the half-dollar coin.
       (b) Distribution.--Subject to section 5134(f) of title 31, 
     United States Code, all surcharges received by the Secretary 
     from the sale of coins issued under this Act shall be paid to 
     FWC2026 US, Inc., for the purpose of aiding or executing 
     United States-based soccer programs and activities, including 
     the promotion of--
       (1) FIFA's legacy programs in the United States; and
       (2) efforts to grow the sport of soccer throughout the 
     United States, with a focus on youth, inner cities, and 
     underserved communities.
       (c) Audits.--FWC2026 US, Inc., shall be subject to the 
     audit requirements of section 5134(f)(2) of title 31, United 
     States Code, with regard to the amounts received under 
     subsection (b).
       (d) Limitation.--Notwithstanding subsection (a), no 
     surcharge may be included with respect to the issuance under 
     this Act of any coin during a calendar year if, as of the 
     time of such issuance, the issuance of such coin would result 
     in the number of commemorative coin programs issued during 
     such year to exceed the annual 2 commemorative coin program 
     issuance limitation under section 5112(m)(1) of title 31, 
     United States Code (as in effect on the date of the enactment 
     of this Act). The Secretary may issue guidance to carry out 
     this subsection.

     SEC. 8. FINANCIAL ASSURANCES.

       The Secretary shall take such actions as may be necessary 
     to ensure that--
       (1) minting and issuing coins under this Act will not 
     result in any net cost to the United States Government; and
       (2) no funds, including applicable surcharges, are 
     disbursed to any recipient designated in section 7(b) until 
     the total cost of designing and issuing all of the coins 
     authorized by this Act (including labor, materials, dies, use 
     of machinery, winning design compensation, overhead expenses, 
     and shipping) is recovered by the United States Treasury, 
     consistent with sections 5112(m) and 5134(f) of title 31, 
     United States Code.

     SEC. 9. DEFINITIONS.

       In this Act:
       (1) FIFA.--The term ``FIFA'' means the Federation 
     Internationale de Football Association.
       (2) FIFA world cup 2026.--The term ``FIFA World Cup 2026'' 
     means the FIFA Men's World Cup held in 2026.
       (3) FWC2026 us, inc.--The term ``FWC2026 US, Inc.'' means 
     the FIFA subsidiary incorporated in the United States for the 
     purpose of operating the FIFA World Cup 2026 and related 
     programs.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
California (Mrs. Kim) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Kim).


                             General Leave

  Mrs. KIM of California. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend 
their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill.

[[Page H5247]]

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from California?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. KIM of California. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume.
  Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7438, the FIFA 2026 World 
Cup Commemorative Coin Act. This is a bill that will direct the 
Department of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the 
upcoming 2026 FIFA World Cup.
  Madam Speaker, as you drive around almost any American town on a 
Saturday morning in the fall or spring, there is a good chance you will 
drive past a youth soccer match in action. Young boys and girls are 
giving it their all, dreaming of becoming the next Christian Pulisic or 
Alex Morgan.
  The popularity of the sport of soccer has been on the rise in the 
United States since the 1960s. The biggest boom came after our country 
hosted the FIFA World Cup for the first time in 1994.
  The excitement of that tournament led to the creation of Major League 
Soccer, which has grown from 10 teams in 2005 to its current 29 teams.

                              {time}  1415

  One can only imagine the excitement that will be generated by hosting 
our second World Cup tournament. The 23rd FIFA World Cup in 2026 will 
be the first time that 48 teams will participate. That is up from 32.
  Along with 5 cities from our neighbors in Canada and Mexico, 11 U.S. 
cities will have the chance to showcase to the world the brilliance and 
diversity of our great Nation.
  The United States will host matches in Dallas, Kansas City, Houston, 
Atlanta, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Seattle, San Francisco, Boston, 
Miami, and, in what is sure to be a thrilling final match at MetLife 
Stadium, in East Rutherford, New Jersey, on July 19, 2026.
  Little boys and girls all over the country will have the opportunity 
to watch these international superstars compete, a memory that will be 
sure to last a lifetime.
  This bill will allow the United States Mint to produce a 
commemorative coin, which will provide Americans a physical keepsake. 
An added benefit of the Mint's Commemorative Coin Program is that there 
is a surcharge within the cost of the coin that helps raise money for 
important causes. In this case, the cause for this coin benefits soccer 
programs and activities around the United States. This will inspire the 
next generation of soccer stars in our country.
  Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood), my 
good friend, and his over 290 cosponsors for introducing this worthy 
legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 7438.
  Go Team USA.
  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. WATERS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7438, the FIFA World Cup 
2026 Commemorative Coin Act, sponsored by the gentleman from Illinois 
(Mr. LaHood).
  Madam Speaker, I am thrilled to have this opportunity to celebrate 
the FIFA World Cup 2026 through this commemorative coin bill, as it 
will be the first time the men's World Cup has been held in the United 
States in 32 years.
  I am also proud this event will be held in part of Los Angeles. Not 
only that, but it will be the largest and most inclusive World Cup ever 
hosted. Host cities are spread throughout the United States, Mexico, 
and Canada, with 48 teams competing in 16 different cities, including 
my hometown of Los Angeles and 10 other American cities.
  This commemorative coin will provide a unique opportunity to inspire 
love of soccer in the United States while also celebrating this 
unifying global event. It is estimated that 16 million fans will attend 
the matches in the United States alone.
  This World Cup 2026 is organized by FWC26, a 501(c)(4) nonprofit in 
the United States, which is designed to continue after the event has 
ended, emphasizing the organization's long-term commitment to soccer in 
the United States.
  Specifically, this commemorative coin is designed to encourage United 
States-based soccer programs, as the proceeds from the sale of these 
coins will be used to grow the sport of soccer throughout the United 
States with a focus on youth in underserved communities.
  Madam Speaker, I applaud the sponsors of this bill, and I urge my 
colleagues to support passage of this measure.
  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. KIM of California. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may 
consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood).
  Mr. LaHOOD. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California 
(Mrs. Kim) for yielding me the time. I echo the comments of both of my 
colleagues who spoke today.
  Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of our bill, H.R. 7438, the 
FIFA World Cup 2026 Commemorative Coin Act. FIFA stands for Federation 
of International Football Association. As the co-chair of the 
Congressional Soccer Caucus, I am proud to lead the coin bill effort 
with my co-chairs of the Soccer Caucus, the gentleman from Washington 
(Mr. Larsen), the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bacon), and the 
gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Castor).
  I am also very honored that the U.S. Soccer Federation, which 
operates the men's and women's team, is based in my home State of 
Illinois. Also, in my district, I have seven colleges and universities 
that have men's and women's soccer.
  The FIFA World Cup 2026 will be the largest sporting event in the 
history of the world. It will be hosted jointly by the United States, 
Mexico, and Canada, the first time that three countries have hosted the 
World Cup.
  We expect nearly 6 million fans to attend the matches in the United 
States alone. Half will be traveling to the United States from other 
countries. As has been noted, this is the first World Cup in 100 years 
where we expand it to 48 teams from the current 32 teams.
  Hosting the tournament, which includes 104 matches in 16 cities, 11 
of those cities in the United States, will bring generational 
opportunities to elevate soccer and build greater economic benefits in 
the States, cities, and local communities throughout the country.
  Soccer is a global sport, one that continues to rapidly grow in the 
United States, and provides healthy outlets and opportunities for youth 
of all ages, abilities, and backgrounds.
  The FIFA World Cup 2026 Commemorative Coin Act will help support 
legacy programs for youth in underserved and rural communities across 
the Nation, ensuring kids engage in physical activity and sport.
  The proceeds of the coin will support the growth of soccer throughout 
the United States with a focus on youth in rural areas, inner cities, 
and underserved communities. It is an exciting time for soccer in the 
United States.
  The Soccer Caucus was proud to pass a resolution in 2017 supporting 
the United States' bid to host the 2026 World Cup, and I am proud to 
bring this bill to support the legacy of the World Cup to the floor 
here today.

  Madam Speaker, I thank all of my colleagues who signed onto this 
bill, 290 Republicans and Democrats, who are supportive of our 2026 
World Cup in the United States, along with Mexico and Canada.
  The Soccer Caucus will continue to work with our partners across the 
Federal Government and in the soccer community to ensure a safe, 
smooth, and exciting World Cup here in the United States in 2026.
  Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
  Ms. WATERS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance my time to 
close.
  Madam Speaker, this bill would direct the U.S. Mint to create a 
commemorative coin to honor the FIFA World Cup 2026, which will be the 
first time a World Cup is hosted by three nations. I hope this event 
and the coin that we are creating today will bring together millions of 
people from different countries to celebrate soccer.
  Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.

[[Page H5248]]

  

  Mrs. KIM of California. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support H.R. 7438, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Kim) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 7438.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5248-H5250]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




     DUSTOFF CREWS OF THE VIETNAM WAR CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT

  Mrs. KIM of California. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
and pass the bill (S. 2825) to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 
United States Army Dustoff crews of the Vietnam War, collectively, in 
recognition of their extraordinary heroism and life-saving actions in 
Vietnam.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                                S. 2825

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Dustoff Crews of the Vietnam 
     War Congressional Gold Medal Act''.

     SEC. 2. FINDINGS.

       The Congress finds that--
       (1) a United States Army Dustoff crewman, including a 
     pilot, crew chief, and medic, is a helicopter crew member who 
     served honorably during the Vietnam War aboard helicopter air 
     ambulances, which were both nondivision and division assets 
     under the radio call signs ``Dustoff'' and ``Medevac'';
       (2) Dustoff crews performed aeromedical evacuation for 
     United States, Vietnamese, and allied forces in Southeast 
     Asia from May 1962 through March 1973;
       (3) nearing the end of World War II, the United States Army 
     began using helicopters for medical evacuation and years 
     later, during the Korean War, these helicopter air ambulances 
     were responsible for transporting 17,700 United States 
     casualties;
       (4) during the Vietnam War, with the use of helicopter air 
     ambulances, United States Army Dustoff crews pioneered the 
     concept of dedicated and rapid medical evacuation and 
     transported almost 900,000 United States, South Vietnamese, 
     and other allied sick and wounded, as well as wounded enemy 
     forces;
       (5) helicopters proved to be a revolutionary tool to assist 
     those injured on the battlefield;
       (6) highly skilled and intrepid, Dustoff crews were able to 
     operate the helicopters and land them on almost any terrain 
     in nearly any weather to pick up wounded, after which the 
     Dustoff crews could provide care to these patients while 
     transporting them to ready medical facilities;
       (7) the vital work of the Dustoff crews required consistent 
     combat exposure and often proved to be the difference between 
     life and death for wounded personnel;
       (8) the revolutionary concept of a dedicated combat life-
     saving system was cultivated and refined by United States 
     Army Dustoff crews during 11 years of intense conflict in and 
     above the jungles of Southeast Asia;
       (9) innovative and resourceful Dustoff crews in Vietnam 
     were responsible for taking the new concept of helicopter 
     medical evacuation, born just a few years earlier, and 
     revolutionizing it to meet and surpass the previously 
     unattainable goal of delivering a battlefield casualty to an 
     operating table within the vaunted ``golden hour'';
       (10) some Dustoff units in Vietnam operated so efficiently 
     that they were able to deliver a patient to a waiting medical 
     facility on an average of 50 minutes from the receipt of the 
     mission, which saved the lives of countless personnel in 
     Vietnam, and this legacy continues for modern-day Dustoff 
     crews;
       (11) the inherent danger of being a member of a Dustoff 
     crew in Vietnam meant that there was a 1 in 3 chance of being 
     wounded or killed;
       (12) many battles during the Vietnam War raged at night, 
     and members of the Dustoff crews often found themselves 
     searching for a landing zone in complete darkness, in bad 
     weather, over mountainous terrain, and all while being the 
     target of intense enemy fire as they attempted to rescue the 
     wounded, which caused Dustoff crews to suffer a rate of 
     aircraft loss that was more than 3 times that of all other 
     types of combat helicopter missions in Vietnam;
       (13) the 54th Medical Detachment typified the constant 
     heroism displayed by Dustoff crews in Vietnam, over the span 
     of a 10-month tour, with only 3 flyable helicopters and 40 
     soldiers in the unit, evacuating 21,435 patients in 8,644 
     missions while being airborne for 4,832 hours;
       (14) collectively, the members of the 54th Medical 
     Detachment earned 78 awards for valor, including 1 Medal of 
     Honor, 1 Distinguished Service Cross, 14 Silver Star Medals, 
     26 Distinguished Flying Crosses, 2 Bronze Star Medals for 
     valor, 4 Air Medals for valor, 4 Soldier's Medals, and 26 
     Purple Heart Medals;
       (15) the 54th Medical Detachment displayed heroism on a 
     daily basis and set the standard for all Dustoff crews in 
     Vietnam;
       (16) 6 members of the 54th Medical Detachment are in the 
     Dustoff Hall of Fame, 3 are in the Army Aviation Hall of 
     Fame, and 1 is the only United States Army aviator in the 
     National Aviation Hall of Fame;
       (17) Dustoff crew members are among the most highly 
     decorated soldiers in United States military history;
       (18) in early 1964, Major Charles L. Kelly was the 
     Commanding Officer of the 57th Medical Detachment (Helicopter 
     Ambulance), Provisional, in Soc Trang, South Vietnam;
       (19) Major Kelly helped to forge the Dustoff call sign into 
     history as one of the most welcomed phrases to be heard over 
     the radio by wounded soldiers in perilous and dire 
     situations;
       (20) in 1964, Major Kelly was killed in action as he 
     gallantly maneuvered his aircraft to save a wounded United 
     States soldier and several Vietnamese soldiers and boldly 
     replied, after being warned to stay away from the landing 
     zone due to the ferocity of enemy fire, ``When I have your 
     wounded.'';
       (21) General William Westmoreland, Commander of the 
     Military Assistance Command, Vietnam from 1964 to 1968, 
     singled out Major Kelly as an example of ``the greatness of 
     the human spirit'' and highlighted his famous reply as an 
     inspiration to all in combat;
       (22) General Creighton Abrams, successor to General 
     Westmoreland from 1968 to 1972, and former Chief of Staff of 
     the United States Army, highlighted the heroism of Dustoff 
     crews, ``A special word about the Dustoffs . . . . Courage 
     above and beyond the call of duty was sort of routine to 
     them. It was a daily thing, part of the way they lived. 
     That's the great part, and it meant so much to every last man 
     who served there. Whether he ever got hurt or not, he knew 
     Dustoff was there.'';
       (23) Dustoff crews possessed unique skills and traits that 
     made them highly successful in aeromedical evacuation in 
     Vietnam, including indomitable courage, extraordinary 
     aviation skill and sound judgment under fire, high-level 
     medical expertise, and an unequaled dedication to the 
     preservation of human life;
       (24) members of the United States Armed Forces on the 
     ground in Vietnam had their confidence and battlefield 
     prowess reinforced knowing that there were heroic Dustoff 
     crews just a few minutes from the fight, which was 
     instrumental to their well-being, willingness to fight, and 
     morale;
       (25) military families in the United States knew that their 
     loved ones would receive the quickest and best possible care 
     in the event of a war-time injury, thanks to the Dustoff 
     crews;
       (26) the willingness of Dustoff crews to also risk their 
     lives to save helpless civilians left an immeasurably 
     positive impression on the people of Vietnam and exemplified 
     the finest United States ideals of compassion and humanity; 
     and
       (27) Dustoff crews from the Vietnam War hailed from every 
     State in the United States and represented numerous ethnic, 
     religious, and cultural backgrounds.

     SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL.

       (a) Presentation Authorized.--The Speaker of the House of 
     Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate 
     shall make appropriate arrangements for the presentation, on 
     behalf of Congress, of a single gold medal of appropriate 
     design in honor of the Dustoff crews of the Vietnam War, 
     collectively, in recognition of their heroic military 
     service, which saved countless lives and contributed directly 
     to the defense of the United States.
       (b) Design and Striking.--For purposes of the presentation 
     referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury 
     (referred to in this Act as the ``Secretary'') shall strike a 
     gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, 
     to be determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the 
     Secretary of Defense.
       (c) U.S. Army Medical Department Museum.--
       (1) In general.--Following the award of the gold medal in 
     honor of the Dustoff Crews of the Vietnam War, the gold medal 
     shall be given to the U.S. Army Medical Department Museum, 
     where it will be available for display as appropriate and 
     available for research.
       (2) Sense of congress.--It is the sense of Congress that 
     the U.S. Army Medical Department Museum should make the gold 
     medal awarded pursuant to this Act available for display 
     elsewhere, particularly at appropriate locations associated 
     with the Vietnam War, and that preference should be given to 
     locations affiliated with the U.S. Army Medical Department 
     Museum.

     SEC. 4. DUPLICATE MEDALS.

       The Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of 
     the gold medal struck under section 3, at a price sufficient 
     to cover the costs thereof, including labor, materials, dies, 
     use of machinery, and overhead expenses.

     SEC. 5. STATUS OF MEDALS.

       (a) National Medal.--Medals struck pursuant to this Act are 
     national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, 
     United States Code.
       (b) Numismatic Items.--For purposes of sections 5134 and 
     5136 of title 31, United

[[Page H5249]]

     States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be 
     considered to be numismatic items.

     SEC. 6. AUTHORITY TO USE FUND AMOUNTS; PROCEEDS OF SALE.

       (a) Authority To Use Fund Amounts.--There is authorized to 
     be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise 
     Fund such amounts as may be necessary to pay for the costs of 
     the medals struck under this Act.
       (b) Proceeds of Sale.--Amounts received from the sale of 
     duplicate bronze medals authorized under section 4 shall be 
     deposited into the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
California (Mrs. Kim) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Kim).


                             General Leave

  Mrs. KIM of California. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend 
their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from California?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. KIM of California. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume.
  Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2825, the Dustoff Crews of the 
Vietnam War Congressional Gold Medal Act, the Senate version of H.R. 
1015, led by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Kilmer), the 
gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers), the gentlewoman from Iowa 
(Mrs. Miller-Meeks), and the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Mann).
  Madam Speaker, we lost too many American soldiers during the Vietnam 
war. That number would be dramatically higher if it were not for the 
bravery shown by the pilots of the Dustoff crews.
  During the Vietnam war, American helicopter rescue crews, known as 
the Operation Dustoff crews, evacuated some 900,000 people to safety, 
the equivalent of the populations of Pittsburgh, St. Louis, and Orlando 
combined.
  They did so under extremely perilous conditions. The Dustoff missions 
left the crews unarmed, often flown completely at night, frequently 
under enemy fire, and even after having to fight for permission to fly 
because of the dangers.
  Madam Speaker, the United States needed the Dustoff crews during the 
Vietnam war because of the battle landscape. The stealthy, dispersed 
enemy occupying the dense jungles of Vietnam meant American soldiers 
had to push far from stationed medical support. Without a speedy exit 
from combat, a wound during the Vietnam war meant almost certain death.
  The brave men of the Dustoff crews rescued American soldiers, 
civilians, and Vietnamese soldiers. When a call came in for Dustoff to 
pick up wounded day and night, they went.
  The Dustoff crews flew over 495,000 missions from 1962 to 1973. 
Sadly, of the 1,400 pilots, 90 were killed, and roughly 380 were 
wounded. These evacuation flights were some of the Army's most 
dangerous missions.
  The heroism, valor, and tenacity displayed by these young air crews 
provided a gift of life that few consider or even think about today. 
For each person saved by a medical evacuation air crew, whether it be a 
man, woman, or child, those individuals went on to enjoy their life 
beyond the strains of war. These young men voluntarily put their lives 
on the line every day to save another human being.
  Madam Speaker, I will leave my colleagues with the pledge of the 
Dustoff crews: ``No hesitation. No reservation. No compromise. You get 
the wounded out.''
  This pledge speaks volumes. The pilots of the Dustoff crews deserve 
to be honored by this Congress with a Congressional Gold Medal.
  Madam Speaker, I thank the bill's sponsors for bringing forward this 
important legislation. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. WATERS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2825, the Dustoff Crews of the 
Vietnam War Congressional Gold Medal Act, sponsored by Senator Cornyn.
  Madam Speaker, we are honoring the United States Army Dustoff crews 
of the Vietnam war, who came from every State in the United States, 
with the Congressional Gold Medal in recognition of their extraordinary 
heroism and lifesaving actions in Vietnam.
  The Dustoff crewmen served aboard helicopter air ambulances and 
performed medical evacuations for almost 900,000 Americans, South 
Vietnamese, and other individuals from allied forces for more than 10 
years.
  In these efforts, they often proved to be the difference between life 
and death for wounded personnel. The Dustoff crews in Vietnam were 
innovative and resourceful. They took the new concept of helicopter 
medical evacuation and revolutionized it to meet the goal of quickly 
delivering a battlefield casualty to a hospital's operating table.
  Being a member of the Dustoff crew meant that there was an inherent 
danger to their work and a high likelihood of being wounded or killed.

                              {time}  1430

  Additionally, many of the evacuations took place at night, and 
Dustoff crews would find themselves searching for a landing zone in 
complete darkness, bad weather, and mountainous terrain, all while 
being the target of intense enemy fire as they rescued the wounded.
  Collectively, the members of the Dustoff crews earned 78 awards for 
their valor. The crews displayed heroism on a daily basis and were 
among the most highly decorated soldiers in United States history.
  Today, we will vote to present them with our highest honor, the 
Congressional Gold Medal.
  Madam Speaker, I thank the sponsors of this bill, including Mr. 
Kilmer.
  Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington 
(Mr. Kilmer), who is also the sponsor of the House companion of this 
bill.
  Mr. KILMER. Madam Speaker, every now and then, Democrats and 
Republicans come together to do something that matters for our 
veterans, and today is one of those days as we honor Vietnam veterans 
for their service and sacrifice, especially Dustoff crews.
  Madam Speaker, between 1956 and 1975, 2.7 million Americans served in 
some of the most severe conditions in the history of American warfare. 
Unfortunately, when our servicemembers came home, they often didn't get 
the gratitude that they earned.
  The legislation in front of us today is a small step in the effort to 
correct that.
  Today is an opportunity for our Congress and our country to say to 
Vietnam veterans and specifically to Dustoff crewmembers that we are 
grateful for their service and sacrifice for this country. They stepped 
up and offered their bodies and lives to protect our way of life.
  Despite everything Vietnam veterans went through, many never stopped 
serving our country or looking out for people who wear the uniform. As 
a Representative, that means a lot to me. As a dad, knowing my kids are 
growing up in a country that is stronger and freer because of those who 
served means a lot to me, as well.
  That gratitude needs to come with more than words of thanks. It needs 
to come with a commitment that future generations know of their 
sacrifice and service to our country. It means backing up words with 
action. It means the men and women who fight for our country shouldn't 
have to fight for a job when they come home. It means that in the land 
of the free and the home of the brave, every brave servicemember should 
have a home. It means ensuring that veterans get the care, benefits, 
and recognition that they have earned.
  Today, Congress can take another step forward in recognizing the 
valiant efforts of our Vietnam veterans by passing this bipartisan 
legislation, led by myself and Cathy McMorris Rodgers, called the 
Dustoff Crews of the Vietnam War Congressional Gold Medal Act.
  This legislation has a simple but important mission: to award Dustoff 
crews of the Vietnam war with the Congressional Gold Medal.
  Dustoff crewmembers--helicopter air ambulance pilots, crew chiefs, 
and

[[Page H5250]]

medics--performed aeromedical evacuations of over 900,000 U.S., 
Vietnamese, and allied forces from May 1962 to March 1973. Dustoff 
crews often faced foul weather, mountainous terrain, and intense enemy 
fire, with crewmembers facing a one-in-three chance of being wounded or 
killed.
  These were heroes who saved lives.
  One Dustoff unit, the 54th Medical Detachment, typified the heroism 
of Dustoff crews. Over 10 months, 40 soldiers equipped with only three 
helicopters evacuated over 21,000 patients on 8,600 missions over 
nearly 5,000 hours, earning 78 valor awards.
  Awarding the Congressional Gold Medal to the Dustoff crews of the 
Vietnam war is an important step toward recognizing the pivotal role 
that these servicemembers played in saving the lives of so many and 
serving our country so proudly.
  Since the American Revolution, Congress has commissioned gold medals 
as its highest expression of national appreciation for distinguished 
achievements and contributions.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.
  Ms. WATERS. Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Washington.
  Mr. KILMER. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.
  Congress has never awarded the Congressional Gold Medal to any group 
of Vietnam veterans. Today, we can change that by passing this 
legislation. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote to 
do just that.
  Madam Speaker, I thank Representative McMorris Rodgers and Senators 
Cornyn and Warren for their partnership and leadership on this effort. 
I also thank our veterans and every family member or friend who has 
supported a veteran.
  Madam Speaker, we honor the service of our Vietnam veterans. Today, 
we move forward in ensuring that the Dustoff crews are recognized with 
the Congressional Gold Medal, and I thank them for their service.
  May God bless them and this country.
  Mrs. KIM of California. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my 
time.
  Ms. WATERS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I 
am so pleased and proud to be on this floor today in recognition of 
Vietnam-era veterans and their service to this country.
  As a matter of fact, I have always felt very bad when I encountered 
Vietnam-era veterans and always apologized to them for the fact that 
they were not received back to their country in a manner that they 
should have been and received the resources that they deserved, having 
served our country.
  This is a very important bill that will honor the U.S. Army Dustoff 
crews of the Vietnam war collectively in recognition of their 
extraordinary heroism, their lifesaving actions in Vietnam, and their 
direct contribution to the defense of the United States.
  I thank Mr. Kilmer and all the other sponsors of this bill. Further, 
I asked my staff as we were sitting here: Were the Dustoff crews a 
special unit that we are honoring today? Should we be looking at other 
Vietnam-era veterans?

  It is a question I am raising as I make this presentation today.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Kilmer so very much for his comments. I urge 
all of my colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back the balance of 
my time.
  Mrs. KIM of California. Mr. Speaker, I, too, echo all the comments 
that were said about honoring the Vietnam war-era veterans. I take the 
challenge that our ranking member has spoken about, identifying and 
recognizing other Vietnam war veterans, and that is why I have done 
this.
  As I am sure many of my colleagues do, too, in their respective 
districts, we take the time to identify the Vietnam-era war veterans, 
and every time we have a community event, we invite them and present 
them with a token of a lapel pin to show our appreciation. It is a 
small token of saying thank you. We can never say enough about how we 
are happy that they are home, so we welcome everybody home, especially 
from the Vietnam war.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support S. 2825, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Carl). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Kim) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2825.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5250-H5253]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




             BILLIE JEAN KING CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT

  Mrs. KIM of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and 
pass the bill (S. 2861) to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Billie 
Jean King, an American icon, in recognition of a remarkable life 
devoted to championing equal rights for all, in sports and in society.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                                S. 2861

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Billie Jean King 
     Congressional Gold Medal Act''.

     SEC. 2. FINDINGS.

       Congress finds the following:
       (1) Billie Jean King, born Billie Jean Moffitt on November 
     22, 1943, in Long Beach, California, demonstrated athletic 
     prowess from a young age. She was introduced to tennis at the 
     age of 11, and soon after, Billie Jean purchased her first 
     tennis racket using money she earned working various jobs in 
     her neighborhood.
       (2) Billie Jean broke numerous barriers to become a number 
     one professional tennis player. She dominated women's tennis 
     with 39 Grand Slam singles, doubles, and mixed doubles 
     titles, including a record 20 championships at Wimbledon. She 
     also was a member of 3 World TeamTennis championship teams.
       (3) After growing in prominence, Billie Jean used her 
     platform as a celebrity to fight for equal rights and 
     opportunities for equality for all in sports, and society, in 
     the United States.
       (4) Billie Jean played an instrumental role in the passage 
     of title IX of the Education Amendments Act of 1972 (20 
     U.S.C. 1681 et seq.), a law that mandates equal funding for 
     women's and men's sports programs in schools and colleges. 
     This legislation has unlocked a world of opportunities for 
     girls and women in education and sports.
       (5) During Billie Jean's career, the pay difference between 
     prize money for men and women in tennis continued to expand. 
     By the early 1970s, the pay gap in prize money reached ratios 
     of as much as 12 to 1. Fewer and fewer tournaments were 
     hosting women's events. Billie Jean harnessed the energy of 
     the women's rights movement to create a women's tennis tour 
     that would elevate women's tennis and establish pay equity 
     within the sport. Along with 8 other women tennis players, 
     she formed an independent women's professional tennis 
     circuit, the Virginia Slims Series.
       (6) In 1973, Billie Jean founded the Women's Tennis 
     Association, today's principal governing body for women's 
     professional tennis.
       (7) Billie Jean helped found womenSports magazine and 
     founded the Women's Sports Foundation. Both have been at the 
     forefront of advancing women's voice in sports.
       (8) Billie Jean successfully lobbied for equal prize money 
     for men and women at the 1973 US Open Tennis Championships. 
     It would take another 34 years for the other 3 major 
     tournaments to all offer equal prize money.
       (9) In 1973, Billie Jean played a tennis match against 
     Bobby Riggs, a former World Number 1 player who sought to 
     undermine the credibility and prominence of women in sports. 
     Billie Jean defeated Riggs in what became a firm declaration 
     of women's role in sports and society.
       (10) Billie Jean King was the first tennis player and woman 
     to be named Sports Illustrated's Sportsperson of the Year, 
     one of the ``100 Most Important Americans of the 20th 
     Century'' by LIFE magazine, was the recipient of the 1999 
     Arthur Ashe Award for Courage, and has been admitted to the 
     International Women's Sports Hall of Fame, the International 
     Tennis Hall of Fame, and the National Women's Hall of Fame.
       (11) In 2006, the United States Tennis Association 
     recognized Billie Jean's immeasurable impact on the sport of 
     tennis by renaming the site of the US Open in her honor as 
     the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center, which is 
     located in Flushing Meadows Corona Park in Queens, New York. 
     This was the first time a major sporting complex was named 
     after a woman.
       (12) In 2009, Billie Jean was awarded the Presidential 
     Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian honor in the United 
     States, by President Barack Obama for her impactful work 
     advocating for the rights of women. She was the first female 
     athlete to receive this honor.
       (13) In 2014, Billie Jean King founded the Billie Jean King 
     Leadership Initiative to empower companies and individuals to 
     create inclusive work environments that celebrate and promote 
     diversity and equality in the workplace.

[[Page H5251]]

       (14) In 2020, Fed Cup, the world cup of women's tennis, was 
     renamed the Billie Jean King Cup, making it the first global 
     team competition to be named after a woman.
       (15) Billie Jean King's extraordinary courage, leadership, 
     and activism helped propel the women's movement forward, and 
     open doors for countless people in the United States. On and 
     off the court, Billie Jean has served as an inspiration to 
     millions of people the world over. Few women and men have had 
     a greater impact on their sport and on our society than 
     Billie Jean King.

     SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL.

       (a) Presentation Authorized.--The Speaker of the House of 
     Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate 
     shall make appropriate arrangements for the presentation, on 
     behalf of Congress, of a gold medal of appropriate design to 
     Billie Jean King, in recognition of her contribution to the 
     United States and her courageous and groundbreaking 
     leadership advancing equal rights for women in athletics, 
     education, and our society.
       (b) Design and Striking.--For purposes of the presentation 
     described in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury 
     (referred to in this Act as the ``Secretary'') shall strike a 
     gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions 
     to be determined by the Secretary. The design shall bear an 
     image of, and inscription of the name of, Billie Jean King.

     SEC. 4. DUPLICATE MEDALS.

       The Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of 
     the gold medal struck pursuant to section 3 at a price 
     sufficient to cover the costs of the medals, including labor, 
     materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses.

     SEC. 5. STATUS OF MEDALS.

       (a) National Medals.--Medals struck under this Act are 
     national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, 
     United States Code.
       (b) Numismatic Items.--For purposes of section 5134 and 
     section 5136 of title 31, United States Code, all medals 
     struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic 
     items.

     SEC. 6. AUTHORITY TO USE FUND AMOUNTS; PROCEEDS OF SALE.

       (a) Authority To Use Fund Amounts.--There is authorized to 
     be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise 
     Fund such amounts as may be necessary to pay for the costs of 
     the medals struck under this Act.
       (b) Proceeds of Sale.--Amounts received from the sale of 
     duplicate bronze medals authorized under section 4 shall be 
     deposited into the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
California (Mrs. Kim) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Kim).


                             General Leave

  Mrs. KIM of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all 
Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their 
remarks and include extraneous material on this bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from California?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. KIM of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2861, a bill that would award 
the Congressional Gold Medal to an American sports icon and champion of 
women's rights, Billie Jean King.
  I will start by thanking Representatives Brian Fitzpatrick and Mikie 
Sherrill for leading the House version of this bill, H.R. 1831.
  Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be here today to celebrate the historic 
accomplishments of Ms. Billie Jean King.
  Billie Jean is a tennis legend. She was introduced to tennis at 11 
years old and dominated the game until her retirement from competition 
in 1983. She reached number one in the world with 39 Grand Slam 
singles, doubles, and mixed doubles titles.
  We are in awe of her athletic achievements and impact on the game. 
However, we are not here today just to talk about her accomplishments 
on the court.
  Mr. Speaker, Billie Jean used her notoriety and platform to fight for 
equal rights and equal opportunities for all, not just in sports, but 
in American society, as well. She became an advocate for female 
athletes at a time when female accomplishments were not celebrated or 
rewarded in the same way as her male counterparts.
  Billie Jean had an instrumental hand in shaping the opportunities in 
education and sports for girls and women. Without her efforts and 
dedication to the passage of Title IX of the Education Amendments Act 
of 1972, America would look very different today.
  After that legislative win, Billie Jean focused her efforts on 
lobbying for equal prize money for both men and women at the 1973 U.S. 
Open Tennis Championships. Although it would take another 34 years for 
the other three major tennis tournaments to offer equal prize money, 
she started a conversation that continued to push through barriers with 
her actions.
  That same year, Billie Jean did something unprecedented and played a 
tennis match against former world number one player, male tennis star, 
Bobby Riggs. She defeated Riggs, and this match became a firm 
declaration of women's roles in sports.
  Through her leadership, bravery, and activism, we owe her a huge debt 
of gratitude. I can think of no person more deserving to earn this 
distinguished honor.
  S. 2861 would recognize Billie Jean King's tireless efforts to make 
the world a better and more equitable place. It is only fitting that 
she be the first female athlete to receive a Congressional Gold Medal 
for those efforts. It is my hope that her courage will continue to 
inspire Americans today and every day.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2861, the Billie Jean King 
Congressional Gold Medal Act, sponsored by Senator Gillibrand.
  Today, we will vote to honor Billie Jean King's remarkable work in 
sports and society with the Congressional Gold Medal.
  Billie Jean King broke numerous barriers to become a number one 
tennis player, and after growing in prominence, she used her platform 
as a celebrity to fight for equal rights and equal opportunities for 
women in American sports and society.
  Notably, Billie Jean King played an instrumental role in the passage 
of Title IX, the law that mandates equal funding for women's and men's 
sports in American schools. Title IX unlocked opportunities for girls 
and women in education and sports.
  I cannot help but mention Representative Mink, who served in this 
body. She authored Title IX, the Early Childhood Education Act, and the 
Women's Educational Equity Act.

                              {time}  1445

  During Billie Jean King's career, the pay difference between men and 
women for prize money continued to expand. Fewer and fewer tournaments 
were hosting women's events.
  Billie Jean King led many efforts to elevate women's sports. Along 
with eight other women tennis players, she formed an independent 
women's professional tennis circuit called the Virginia Slims Series.
  She also founded the Women's Tennis Association, which still exists 
today, the womenSports magazine, and the Women's Sports Foundation. All 
of these organizations have been instrumental in advancing women's 
voices in sports.
  At the 1973 U.S. Open Tennis Championships, Billie Jean King 
successfully lobbied for equal prize money between men and women.
  Billie Jean King was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 
2009, the highest civilian honor in the United States, by President 
Barack Obama. The honor recognized her impactful work throughout the 
years in advocating for the rights of women. She was the first female 
athlete to receive the honor.
  In 2014, Billie Jean King founded the Billie Jean King Leadership 
Initiative to empower companies and individuals to create inclusive 
work environments. These inclusive work environments celebrate and 
promote diversity and equality.
  The Fed Cup, the world cup of women's tennis, was renamed to the 
Billie Jean King Cup in 2020, making it the first global competition to 
be named after a woman.
  Billie Jean King has clearly been recognized for her extraordinary 
courage, leadership, and activism that helped propel the women's 
movement forward. Today, Congress will vote to bestow its highest honor 
as well. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
  I want you to know before I close, Billie Jean King attended my alma 
mater, Cal State University in Los Angeles, and she was there from 1961 
to

[[Page H5252]]

1964, and we honored her a long time ago.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. KIM of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may 
consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Fitzpatrick).
  Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman for 
yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 2861, the 
bipartisan, bicameral legislation to award the incomparable and 
indomitable Billie Jean King, a legendary athlete, ardent advocate, and 
a trailblazing icon, the Congressional Gold Medal.
  Mr. Speaker, last March, I proudly introduced this legislation, which 
has received overwhelming bipartisan support, standing at just under 
300 cosponsors, a remarkable feat in and of itself.
  At just 11 years old, Billie Jean set her sights on becoming the 
greatest tennis player the world has ever seen. Mr. Speaker, she did 
just that and more.
  Billie Jean became a force on the tennis court and a transformative 
champion for equality, charting new paths for all athletes and 
spearheading the fight for gender equality in sports and beyond.
  Beyond her extraordinary collection of trophies and 39 Grand Slam 
titles, Billie Jean King leveraged her remarkable achievements and 
prominent platform to catalyze a seismic shift in the women's movement.
  Mr. Speaker, she didn't simply raise the profile of women's tennis--
she redefined its very foundation. Through her fearless defiance of the 
status quo, her staunch advocacy for Title IX and pay equality, and her 
visionary efforts to expand opportunities for girls and women in 
sports, Billie Jean's impact has been transformative, and her legacy of 
advocacy stands unmatched.
  Mr. Speaker, this Friday will mark the 51st anniversary of the 
historic iconic Battle of the Sexes match where Billie Jean 
triumphantly defeated Bobby Riggs in front of tens of millions of 
people across America and across the globe, including my own mom who 
was pregnant with me at the time.
  Billie Jean shattered the false narrative of women's inequality, 
proving that women can not only compete at the highest level, they can 
dominate at the highest level.
  That iconic victory ignited a seismic shift in women's sports, 
sparking a revolution that empowered generations of women to demand 
their rights and seek equality in every sphere of life.
  Now, five decades later, Billie Jean stands once more at the brink of 
yet another groundbreaking and trailblazing accomplishment.
  Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Gold Medal is the highest civilian 
honor this legislative body, the United States Congress, can bestow. It 
is awarded to those who have profoundly impacted our Nation's history. 
Past recipients include influential athletes like Roberto Clemente and 
Arnold Palmer.
  Mr. Speaker, with the passage today of S. 2861, the indomitable 
Billie Jean will become the first female athlete ever in United States' 
history to receive this prestigious and well-deserved honor.
  I extend my heartfelt thanks to my partners in the Senate, Senators 
Gillibrand and Capito, and our House colleagues as well, 
Representatives Sherrill and Malliotakis, for their incredible work, 
doing the hard work of garnering cosponsors on this floor day in and 
day out for many months.
  I thank the U.S. Tennis Association for their support and tireless 
dedication to preserving and celebrating Billie Jean King's legacy.
  Mr. Speaker, it is time to enshrine Billie Jean King's legacy as not 
only a champion of tennis but a champion of equality whose impact will 
continue to inspire women and girls and people across America and 
across the world.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to 
support this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentlewoman from California (Ms. 
Waters) wish to reclaim her time?
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim the time.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentlewoman from 
California (Ms. Waters) is recognized.
  There was no objection.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. KIM of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may 
consume to the gentlewoman from New York, (Ms. Malliotakis).
  Ms. MALLIOTAKIS. Mr. Speaker, this week marks the 51st anniversary of 
the Battle of the Sexes, the female versus male tennis match between 
Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs, played on September 20, 1973.
  Mr. Speaker, 90 million people in the world tuned in to watch as King 
made history and defeated Riggs at the Houston Astrodome in three 
straight sets: 6-4, 6-3, and 6-3.
  It was a first, it was groundbreaking, and it forever changed the 
sport of tennis and brought the issue of women's equality to the 
forefront of our Nation.
  Billie Jean King has inspired generations of American women. She 
lived the dream for her generation and the women who came before her, 
who lived during a time when they were restricted from reaching their 
full potential.
  She has empowered young women with the road she paved and the ceiling 
that she broke. My generation was the first to really benefit from the 
positive changes made because of her.
  I can say that she certainly inspired me to challenge and defeat a 
man for this seat in the House of Representatives.
  To really put in perspective just how courageous and trailblazing 
Billie Jean King's actions were, one needs to know what women endured 
at the time.
  In 1973: Women could not get their own credit card or open a bank 
account without their husband or a male cosigner.
  They could not attend a U.S. military service academy.
  In some States, they couldn't even serve on a jury.
  There were no protections against sexual harassment in the workplace. 
They could get fired just for being pregnant, and there was no access 
to birth control.
  Women were paid 50 percent less than men, and the sport of tennis was 
no different. In fact, it was worse. In 1970, Billie Jean and eight 
other female players created their own tennis circuit to protest men 
receiving 12 to 1 prize money at an upcoming tournament.
  In 1972, when Billie Jean won the U.S. Open singles title and 
received $10,000 in prize money while the male winner was awarded 
$25,000, she used her platform to further champion the issue of equal 
prize money and threatened to boycott the U.S. Open unless the 
disparity was addressed.
  She founded the Women's Tennis Association, and she put her 
reputation, her tennis career, and her title on the line for gender 
equality, and she never wavered.
  Her courage, resolve, and determination pushed the U.S. Tennis 
Association to make the 1973 U.S. Open the first sporting event to 
offer equal prize money to female and male competitors.
  Billie Jean is also no stranger to the Halls of Congress. She came to 
Washington to advocate for and testify in support of Title IX, signed 
by President Nixon in 1972, that prohibited sex discrimination in all 
federally funded school activities.
  Her achievements, both on and off the court, earned Billie Jean King 
accolades and honors. She became the first female athlete to be named a 
Sportsperson of the Year by Sports Illustrated.
  In 1975, Seventeen Magazine readers named Billie Jean the most 
admired woman in the world. In 1976, she was Time Magazine's Woman of 
the Year. In 1990, Life magazine named her one of the 100 Most 
Important Americans of the 20th century.
  She was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1987. 
In 2006, the U.S. Tennis Association Tennis Center in my city, New York 
City, home of the U.S. Open, was renamed in her honor.
  In 2009, she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. She even 
has her own song by Elton John in tribute to her 1974 tennis team, 
Philadelphia Freedoms.
  As a Representative of Staten Island, New York, where the sport of 
tennis was first brought and played by Mary Ewing Outerbridge 150 years 
ago and where the first national tennis tournament was played in 1880, 
it gives me

[[Page H5253]]

great pride to stand before you and to join Representative Fitzpatrick 
and my colleagues in honoring the woman who advanced the sport and 
achieved equal prize money for herself and all the women who followed.
  Mr. Speaker, while Congress has awarded a Congressional Gold Medal to 
prolific male athletes in the past, this body has never awarded a 
female athlete the highest civilian honor.
  Today, we seek to change that and award it to the one woman who 
advocated, fought, and blazed the trail for equality in sports and won 
129 singles titles and 39 Grand Slam titles along the way, Billie Jean 
King.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.
  Mr. Speaker, this important bill will award a Congressional Gold 
Medal to Billie Jean King in recognition of her remarkable work devoted 
to championing women's rights in sports and in society. She used her 
platform to fight for equal rights and opportunities for equality in 
sports and society.
  I am very thankful to Senator Gillibrand for her work on this 
important bill. I cannot help but share with you today, Billie Jean 
King helped to inspire and also helped to ensure equal opportunities 
for future tennis players.
  Coming from my district, where they were reared and trained to be the 
champions that they became, Venus and Serena Williams are beneficiaries 
of all of that work that Billie Jean King did to change the way prize 
money was equalized and to make sure that women in tennis and women in 
all aspects of our society have equal opportunities. I thank Billie 
Jean King.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. KIM of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my 
time.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank all my colleagues who spoke in support of this 
legislation. I believe this was a wonderful time where we got to 
understand much more than what we knew from the news articles about 
Billie Jean and her accomplishments, and her legacy will continue on. 
She will continue to be an inspiration to all of us, especially to 
girls and women and future athletes.
  I urge my colleagues to support S. 2861, and I yield back the balance 
of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Kim) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, S. 2861.
  The question was taken.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds 
being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.
  Mrs. KIM of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and 
nays.
  The yeas and nays were ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further 
proceedings on this motion will be postponed.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5253-H5254]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1500
 BUILDING ON REEMPLOYMENT IMPROVEMENTS TO DELIVER GOOD EMPLOYMENT FOR 
                              WORKERS ACT

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and 
pass the bill (H.R. 5861) to extend reemployment services and 
eligibility assessments to all claimants for unemployment benefits, and 
for other purposes, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 5861

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Building on Reemployment 
     Improvements to Deliver Good Employment for Workers Act'' or 
     the ``BRIDGE for Workers Act''.

     SEC. 2. ELIGIBILITY FOR REEMPLOYMENT SERVICES.

       (a) In General.--Section 306(a) of the Social Security Act 
     (42 U.S.C. 506(a)) is amended--
       (1) by striking ``individuals referred to reemployment 
     services as described in section 303(j)'' and inserting 
     ``claimants for regular compensation, including claimants 
     referred to reemployment services as described in section 
     303(j),''; and
       (2) by striking ``such individuals'' and inserting ``such 
     claimants''.
       (b) Effective Date.--The amendments made by subsection (a) 
     shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Missouri (Mr. Smith) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Davis) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri.


                             General Leave

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all 
Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Missouri?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the BRIDGE for Workers Act to help 
more Americans who are out of work find employment faster.
  Currently, only those deemed most likely to exhaust their 
unemployment benefits are eligible for job placement services provided 
through the Reemployment Services and Eligibility Assessments program. 
That unfairly limits resources to a small subset of UI recipients, when 
thousands of others could be back in the workforce sooner with this 
assistance. This bill levels the playing field and extends these 
services to every American on unemployment benefits.
  These services are critical for helping Americans find work 
compatible with their experience and skills to help them get back to 
earning a paycheck again.
  Members of Congress have heard over and over again about a labor 
shortage and ``help wanted'' signs dotting storefronts across the 
country. This legislation will help address this shortage by helping 
more unemployed Americans get back into the workforce sooner.
  After fraudsters and criminals stole over $100 billion of 
unemployment benefits during COVID, the bill before us will also 
strengthen program integrity by ensuring claimants are complying with 
eligibility rules. Claimants must be able to work, available to work, 
and actively seeking work.
  This legislation was a bipartisan effort sponsored by the chairman 
and ranking member of the Ways and Means Work and Welfare Subcommittee, 
Representatives LaHood and Davis. I thank them both for their 
leadership in helping the unemployment insurance program fulfill its 
mission of supporting unemployed Americans who are seeking stable work.
  The BRIDGE for Workers Act passed out of committee with every single 
Republican and Democrat voting for it. I hope we can have a repeat 
performance of strong bipartisan support in favor of this legislation 
today.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5861, the BRIDGE for Workers 
Act. I am glad to see that the House is moving forward to ensure that 
State reemployment service programs serve the workers who can benefit 
from most of them, as we intended in our original bipartisan 
legislation.
  The Ways and Means Committee reported out this bill nearly a year 
ago, and I hope we can work together to finally enact it this year. As 
you know, this important technical clarification first passed our 
committee, and then the full House on an overwhelming, bipartisan vote 
in 2019, and Senate Republicans prevented it from becoming law.
  Our economic recovery has been historically strong, both in 
comparison to past recessions and compared to our peer countries. The 
right policies in the Biden-Harris American Rescue Plan Act resulted in 
strong GDP growth. Americans are back at work and earning higher wages 
than they were before. Inflation, which was always lower than in our 
peer countries, appears to be leveling off.
  American workers are the heart of our strong economy, and the best 
way to preserve and grow it is to ensure that they can get and keep 
good jobs while also caring for their families. Research shows one way 
we can help people go back to work faster is to ensure that they get 
simple services like job market information or resume help.
  This bipartisan legislation, which I was proud to work with the 
gentleman

[[Page H5254]]

from Illinois (Mr. LaHood) to introduce and move ahead, is key to 
ensuring that the right workers get these job-finding supports. Even a 
week or two of getting a paycheck instead of an unemployment benefit 
makes a difference for a household budget.
  I hope this bill is just the first effort to provide commonsense help 
so that Americans can work and support their families. A good next step 
would be to enact universal paid family and medical leave and 
guaranteed childcare. It is an embarrassment that some continue to 
block enactment of these essential supports that all other developed 
countries provide.
  Mr. Speaker, I look forward to working with my colleagues to support 
workers and enact this bipartisan bill before the end of the year. I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may 
consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood), the chairman of 
our Work and Welfare Subcommittee.
  Mr. LaHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Smith for his leadership on 
this bill.
  I rise today in strong support of our bill, H.R. 5861, the BRIDGE for 
Workers Act. This bipartisan bill demonstrates our joint commitment in 
Congress to supporting American workers.
  Unemployment insurance is meant to help people without a job get 
through a rough patch and find new opportunity to support themselves 
and their families.
  Reemployment Services and Eligibility Assessment grants allow States 
to provide services to recipients of unemployment benefits who are 
identified as those who could return to work more quickly. These grants 
are used for job skills training, resume preparation, English as a 
second language classes, and career exploration to connect unemployed 
workers to in-demand jobs.
  Reemployment services have been demonstrated to improve employment 
outcomes and reduce the number of weeks that participants receive 
unemployment benefits. In addition, the program strengthens program 
integrity by ensuring claimants are complying with eligibility rules.

  The bill before us today would make a technical correction to clarify 
that reemployment services provided through these Federal grants can be 
provided to all unemployment insurance claimants, not just those most 
likely to exhaust their benefits, as has been interpreted by the 
Department of Labor.
  I thank my bill's co-lead and fellow Illinoisan and friend,   Danny 
Davis, the ranking member of the Work and Welfare Subcommittee, for his 
work on this bill, which passed out of the Committee on Ways and Means 
with unanimous bipartisan support.
  This legislation provides the permanent flexibility States need to 
make reemployment services a successful tool for those who have lost 
their job through no fault of their own. This really is a bridge to 
help workers. I urge my colleagues to support it.
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my 
time to close.
  This bipartisan legislation will help more Americans in a rough patch 
get back on their feet quickly and back into the workforce.
  Communities across the country are currently in the middle of a 
multiple-year labor shortage. We know this from the companies of all 
sizes and in all industries that have warned what the lack of available 
workers is doing to their business. Some are cutting hours of operation 
or increasing customer wait times, while businesses forfeit 
opportunities to expand and grow because of the lack of labor.
  This shortage makes business less productive, slows down our economy, 
and adds to our national debt. Ultimately, families pay the highest 
price when able-bodied workers can't or don't find new employment.
  This bill takes steps to tackle the labor shortage by expanding 
needed job placement services to individuals receiving unemployment. 
This bipartisan bill is an easy, commonsense win for America's workers 
and small businesses.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to vote to advance this 
legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 5861, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5254-H5255]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      TAXPAYER DATA PROTECTION ACT

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and 
pass the bill (H.R. 8292) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to 
increase penalties for unauthorized disclosure of taxpayer information, 
as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8292

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Taxpayer Data Protection 
     Act''.

     SEC. 2. INCREASE IN PENALTIES FOR UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURES OF 
                   TAXPAYER INFORMATION.

       (a) In General.--Paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), and (5) of 
     section 7213(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 are each 
     amended by striking ``$5,000, or imprisonment of not more 
     than 5 years'' and inserting ``$250,000, or imprisonment of 
     not more than 10 years''.
       (b) Disclosures of Return Information of Multiple Taxpayers 
     Treated as Multiple Violations.--Section 7213(a) of such Code 
     is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
       ``(6) Disclosures of return information of multiple 
     taxpayers treated as multiple violations.--For purposes of 
     paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), and (5), a separate violation 
     occurs with respect to each taxpayer whose return or return 
     information is disclosed in violation of any such 
     paragraph.''.
       (c) Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section 
     shall apply to disclosures made after the date of the 
     enactment of this Act.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Missouri (Mr. Smith) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Sanchez) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri.


                             General Leave

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all 
Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their 
remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under 
consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Missouri?
  There was no objection.

                              {time}  1515

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in favor of the Taxpayer Data Protection 
Act. When Americans file their taxes, they expect their personal data 
and tax information are confidential.
  Between 2017 and 2021, Charles Littlejohn, who worked as a contractor 
for the IRS, stole taxpayer information, and he stole a lot of it. He 
gave it to The New York Times and ProPublica, who published articles 
containing that confidential tax information about President Trump and 
other notable figures. Mr. Littlejohn then destroyed evidence and 
obstructed law enforcement investigations.
  Despite his efforts to cover up his crimes, Mr. Littlejohn admitted 
that he was ``aware of the potential consequences'' and, in fact, made 
his decision ``with the full knowledge that [he] would likely end up in 
a courtroom.''
  Current law failed to deter Mr. Littlejohn from stealing and leaking 
private and sensitive taxpayer information. Moreover, the Department of 
Justice only charged Mr. Littlejohn with a single count of unauthorized 
disclosure of private tax information.
  Given this lackluster charge, Republicans wrote the judge urging the 
court to sentence Mr. Littlejohn to the maximum sentence for the crimes 
he committed, particularly given the number of taxpayers impacted by 
his actions.
  Mr. Littlejohn ultimately received the maximum sentence available, 
but the court was limited to the single count that the Department of 
Justice brought charges on.

[[Page H5255]]

  This bipartisan bill ensures that the punishment fits the crime. 
Current law states that any violation shall be a felony punishable by a 
fine in any amount not to exceed $5,000 or imprisonment of not more 
than 5 years or both.
  This bill increases the maximum penalty for the unauthorized 
disclosure of returns and return information to include a fine of up to 
$250,000 or imprisonment of not more than 10 years or both. It also 
ensures that prosecutors can consider each taxpayer impacted by a 
disclosure to support a separate and distinct violation of the law.
  Increasing the punishment for this crime will result in better 
deterrence for potential criminals and fewer crimes of this sort being 
committed.
  I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation and send a very 
clear message that Congress will not tolerate the theft and leak of 
taxpayer information.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. SANCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 8292, the Taxpayer Data 
Protection Act. I am proud to vote for this bill that will enhance 
criminal penalties for the unlawful disclosure of taxpayer information.
  Under Section 6103 of the tax code, tax returns and return 
information are confidential and may only be disclosed by the Internal 
Revenue Service and its employees, agents, or contractors if an 
exception applies.
  Any unauthorized disclosure of tax information is a felony punishable 
by a maximum fine of $5,000 or imprisonment up to 5 years or both.
  This bill significantly increases the maximum penalty to $250,000 and 
imprisonment of up to 10 years. It also makes clear that each taxpayer 
disclosed is treated as a separate violation subject to the maximum 
penalty.
  This bill responds to one of the largest leaks of taxpayer 
information in the history of the IRS. While working at the IRS, a 
former contractor, Charles Littlejohn, unlawfully accessed and stole 
confidential tax information of the former President and thousands of 
wealthy taxpayers and disclosed it to two news organizations, including 
ProPublica. These news organizations then published a series of 
articles using the confidential tax information they were provided.
  Earlier this year, Mr. Littlejohn was sentenced to 5 years in Federal 
prison for unlawfully accessing and disclosing tax information, which 
is the maximum sentence under current law.
  This bill would have provided the judge with the discretion to 
increase the sentence, given the massive leak of information.
  As required by law, the IRS has notified nearly 70,000 taxpayers who 
were impacted by this unauthorized disclosure. We must do all that we 
can to prevent this from happening again. This bill will provide 
taxpayers additional confidence in the IRS that their information is 
safe and protected.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may 
consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Yakym).
  Mr. YAKYM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Missouri and the 
chairman for his time as well as his leadership on this bill.
  I rise in strong support of the Taxpayer Data Protection Act, which 
will increase penalties for the unauthorized disclosure of personal 
information.
  Americans want certain things kept private. For example, the secret 
ballot protects the sanctity of the voting booth. HIPAA keeps medical 
history between you and your doctor. Section 6103 is supposed to 
safeguard the sensitive information of our tax returns.
  Beginning in 2017, an IRS contractor illegally downloaded tax returns 
for thousands of Americans and began sharing them with reporters. When 
the investigators caught on, he tried to destroy the evidence of his 
crime. Yet the Biden-Harris administration let off the perpetrator of 
this egregious breach of trust with only a single count of unauthorized 
disclosure.
  We cannot let partisan actors with delusions of white knighthood 
think they can get away with sacrificing institutional trust in 
furtherance of their personal political vendettas.

  I thank Chairman Smith for keeping the spotlight on this case, and I 
urge my colleagues to support the bill.
  Ms. SANCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for 
closing.
  Taxpayers must have full confidence that the IRS will safeguard their 
data. As Members of Congress, we must strengthen our laws to ensure 
that every American's tax information is protected.
  This bill increases the maximum penalty for unauthorized disclosure 
and will serve as a big deterrent for folks who may think about 
breaking the law.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' in support of this 
bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my 
time.
  Every taxpayer deserves to have their data protected from theft and 
illegal disclosure. Our voluntary tax filing system depends on trust, a 
trust that was betrayed by a criminal with political motives who 
calculated that the crime would be worth the current punishment.
  Simply put, he knew the crime he was committing, he knew the 
likelihood he would end up in prison for just a few months or years, 
and he decided the risks were clearly worth his reward.
  We have an opportunity to deter similar actions from happening again 
in the future by making the punishment match the crime.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for the 
Taxpayer Data Protection Act, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Bucshon). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 8292, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5255-H5257]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




  IMPROVING SOCIAL SECURITY'S SERVICE TO VICTIMS OF IDENTITY THEFT ACT

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and 
pass the bill (H.R. 3784) to amend title VII of the Social Security Act 
to provide for a single point of contact at the Social Security 
Administration for individuals who are victims of identity theft, as 
amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 3784

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Improving Social Security's 
     Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act''.

     SEC. 2. SINGLE POINT OF CONTACT FOR IDENTITY THEFT VICTIMS.

       (a) In General.--Title VII of the Social Security Act (42 
     U.S.C. 901 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the 
     following:

     ``SEC. 714. SINGLE POINT OF CONTACT FOR IDENTITY THEFT 
                   VICTIMS.

       ``(a) In General.--The Commissioner of Social Security 
     shall establish and implement procedures to ensure that any 
     individual whose social security account number has been 
     misused (such as to fraudulently obtain benefits under title 
     II, VIII, or XVI of this Act, or in a manner that affects an 
     individual's records at the Social Security Administration, 
     or in a manner that prompts the individual to request a new 
     social security account number) or whose social security card 
     has been lost in the course of transmission to the individual 
     has a single point of contact at the Social Security 
     Administration throughout the resolution of the individual's 
     case. The single point of contact shall track the 
     individual's case to completion and coordinate with other 
     units to resolve issues as quickly as possible.
       ``(b) Single Point of Contact.--
       ``(1) In general.--For purposes of subsection (a), the 
     single point of contact shall consist of a team or subset of 
     specially trained employees who--
       ``(A) have the ability to coordinate with other units to 
     resolve the issues involved in the individual's case, and
       ``(B) shall be accountable for the case until its 
     resolution.
       ``(2) Team or subset.--The employees included within the 
     team or subset described in paragraph (1) may change as 
     required to meet the needs of the Social Security 
     Administration, provided that procedures have been 
     established to--
       ``(A) ensure continuity of records and case history, and
       ``(B) notify the individual when appropriate.''.

[[Page H5256]]

       (b) Effective Date.--The amendment made by subsection (a) 
     shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of 
     this Act.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Missouri (Mr. Smith) and the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Larson) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri.


 =========================== NOTE =========================== 

  
  On September 17, 2024, on Page H5256, in the first column, the 
following appeared: The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
Connecticut.
  
  The online version has been corrected to read: The Chair 
recognizes the gentleman from Missouri.


 ========================= END NOTE ========================= 


                             General Leave

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all 
Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Missouri?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3784, the Improving 
Social Security's Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act.
  In 2022 alone, there were over a thousand data breaches which exposed 
the private data, such as names, dates of birth, and Social Security 
numbers of millions of Americans, putting their identities and 
financial well-being at risk.
  We all know someone who has been a been a victim of identity theft, 
and we have seen how difficult and time consuming it is for those 
individuals to take back control of their credit and financial well-
being.
  The longer it takes to resolve an issue like the loss or theft of a 
Social Security number, the longer fraudsters have to compromise or 
exploit an individual's identity.
  This Congress, the Ways and Means Committee held a hearing that 
underlined exactly why this bill is needed. We heard from Margaret, a 
new mother, who testified about her 9-month-old daughter's Social 
Security number being compromised and the stress associated with such a 
situation. She testified that having a single point of contact at the 
Social Security Administration to talk to about her case would have 
made a world of difference. That is exactly what this bill does.
  H.R. 3784 will streamline the process of addressing concerns with 
lost or stolen Social Security numbers by reducing the burdens on 
victims and ensuring a more efficient resolution of their issues.
  I thank my colleagues, Social Security Subcommittee Chairman Drew 
Ferguson and Ranking Member John Larson for their bipartisan work on 
this bill.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume.
  I also extend my congratulations to Mr. Ferguson, and I thank Mr. 
Smith for his comments on this very important piece of legislation. I 
think the public is always glad to see bipartisanship at work, and 
there is nobody who exemplifies that more than the chairman of the 
subcommittee, Mr. Ferguson himself.
  Americans are increasingly vulnerable to identity theft, as we all 
know. In 2023, the Federal Trade Commission received over a million 
reports of identity theft.
  Addressing identity theft can be complex and time consuming. 
Currently, a victim could run into incredible red tape when you try to 
go through the current system and get a resolution to what, obviously, 
is a very disturbing incident that has just happened to you.
  We must do everything we can to improve the process for victims. That 
is why we initiated this legislation that will allow that one-stop 
provision and allow the individuals to make sure that they have a point 
of contact and work this way through instead of working their way 
through an entanglement of bureaucracy.
  We must also ensure that the SSA has the necessary funding, however, 
and the resources to carry out its mission. There have been years of 
underfunding. The American public should understand this.
  Social Security manages over 70 million people. What other Federal 
agency do you know of that administers that bureaucracy for under 1 
percent?
  That is a shameful cut. We need to make sure that Social Security is 
funded appropriately and make sure they have all of the latest 
technology to deal with the more than 70 million people now that are 
receiving Social Security.
  Again, I think the Nation is astounded. I come from the insurance 
capital of the world. On average, they administer their insurance 
programs for around 20 percent.
  I think we ought to take a hard look, and I think everybody has to 
take a look into their heart. If we expect to provide people with the 
kind of service they should get from the number one antipoverty program 
for the elderly and the number one antipoverty program for children, 
then we have to make sure that that is appropriately funded.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.

                              {time}  1530

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may 
consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Ferguson), the chairman of 
the Subcommittee on Social Security.
  Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his support, and 
I thank Mr. Larson for his engagement on this issue.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3784, a bill I 
introduced called the Improving Social Security's Service to Victims of 
Identity Theft Act.
  In 2021, roughly 1.5 million children were the victims of identity 
fraud. That is 1 in nearly 50 children. The numbers are staggering.
  Now, I as chairman, along with Ranking Member Larson, held a 
subcommittee hearing to discuss ways the Social Security Administration 
could responsibly do more to protect America's Social Security numbers 
from identity theft.
  The hearing also highlighted the government's failure to help 
individuals whose Social Security numbers had been compromised.
  During the hearing, we heard from Mrs. Hayward, who testified her 
family had been forced to navigate the Social Security Administration's 
bureaucratic maze to protect her daughter's financial future.
  Mr. Speaker, she told the subcommittee that after giving birth to her 
third child, she promptly submitted the proper paperwork for a new 
birth certificate and a Social Security card. While the birth 
certificate arrived without issue, the Social Security card did not.
  By the time her daughter was 7 weeks old, and having not received the 
card, she grew concerned and contacted the Social Security 
Administration about the fact that the website said that it had been 
sent and received when, in fact, it had not.
  She initially assumed the card might have been misplaced, but after 
thoroughly checking her mail and contacting the Social Security 
Administration, she learned that the card had been issued but not 
received. The Social Security Administration advised patience, but 
concerns about identity theft were dismissed.
  When she requested information about whether the card had been 
received or issued, she was simply told she could apply for a 
replacement card, but not a new number, nor could she get the old 
number directly.
  Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Hayward eventually went to the Social Security 
office. She stated that other employees provided inconsistent 
information, dismissed the need for a new number, and even suggested 
that a remedy was contacting the post office to locate the missing 
card. It was only after she sought help from her U.S. Senator that they 
were able to request a new card. When a replacement card finally 
arrived, the original card was still unaccounted for and potentially 
compromised.
  The process to monitor and protect her daughter's identity was really 
much too cumbersome and stressful, and having to re-explain the 
situation to multiple Social Security Administration employees about 
navigating this complex system and the issues that she had faced is 
simply unacceptable.
  Preventing identity theft must be a top priority, yet Mrs. Hayward's 
family and countless others across the Nation have faced serious 
bureaucratic obstacles that extend the time that fraudsters have to 
misuse the personal information of their victims.

[[Page H5257]]

  This underscores the need for a system that proactively prevents 
identity theft and provides clear, consistent support for American 
families.
  Mr. Speaker, my bill addresses this by streamlining the process to a 
single point of contact at the Social Security Administration so that 
they can get their issues resolved more efficiently. I am proud to 
offer this bill along with my colleague, Mr. Larson, and ask that 
Members support this bill.
  Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of 
my time.
  Mr. Speaker, let me compliment the chairman, Mr. Ferguson, and thank 
him for his incredible work in this area. I also thank Commissioner 
O'Malley, who doesn't get the credit I believe he richly deserves, 
especially dealing with less resources and a larger and growing 
problem. Imagine, if you will, for I think most viewers don't know, 
that 10,000 baby boomers a day become eligible for Social Security, and 
it is growing rapidly.
  I am glad that Republicans support this bill to improve customer 
service for victims of identity theft, but they must also support 
giving SSA the resources it needs to implement it. I think that is 
pretty clear and straightforward.
  Mr. Speaker, I also believe that, as was pointed out by Mr. Smith and 
also by Mr. Ferguson, the unfortunate experience people go through is a 
crime, identity theft, and even more of a crime when you can't get 
service.
  Yet, what is really criminal about Social Security is that Congress 
has not taken on the responsibility of enhancing a program that was 
last improved when Richard Nixon was President of the United States--53 
years. Every single district, every single individual, everyone who is 
retiring is stuck at the same benefit level they were in 1971.

  There are 5 million Americans who get below-poverty-level checks 
because Congress hasn't acted. For over 40 percent of Social Security 
recipients, which is 28 million people, all they have is Social 
Security. The only body that can resolve that problem for them is the 
United States Congress.
  We took a baby step here as it relates to making sure about identity 
theft. We need to take a major step and vote for enhancements for 
people who richly deserve them. They are counting on us. It is the 
Nation's insurance program, and we have not done our job as a Congress.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my 
time.
  Mr. Speaker, a Social Security number is the gateway to taking 
control of an American's identity and finances. Congress owes it to the 
American people to do everything that we can to ensure their identities 
are protected and that the process for taking back control of their 
identity when their Social Security number is compromised is 
streamlined and easy. We especially owe it to the almost 1 million 
children who were victims of identity fraud in 2022 through no fault of 
their own.
  H.R. 3784 is a long-overdue step forward in streamlining the Social 
Security Administration's process and alleviating the burden on 
victims.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation, 
and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 3784, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5257-H5259]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   FIND AND PROTECT FOSTER YOUTH ACT

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and 
pass the bill (S. 1146) to amend part E of title IV of the Social 
Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to 
identify obstacles to identifying and responding to reports of children 
missing from foster care and other vulnerable foster youth, to provide 
technical assistance relating to the removal of such obstacles, and for 
other purposes, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                                S. 1146

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Find and Protect Foster 
     Youth Act''.

     SEC. 2. ELIMINATING OBSTACLES TO IDENTIFYING AND RESPONDING 
                   TO REPORTS OF CHILDREN MISSING FROM FOSTER CARE 
                   AND OTHER VULNERABLE FOSTER YOUTH.

       Section 476 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 676) is 
     amended by adding at the end the following:
       ``(f) Evaluation of Protocols Relating to Children Missing 
     From Foster Care and Other Vulnerable Youth; Technical 
     Assistance.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Secretary shall conduct an 
     evaluation of the protocols established by States in 
     accordance with the requirements of section 471(a)(35) and, 
     to the extent applicable, by Indian tribes or tribal 
     organizations (as defined in section 479B(a)) or tribal 
     consortia with a plan approved under section 471 in 
     accordance with section 479B.
       ``(2) Requirements.--The evaluation shall include the 
     following:
       ``(A) A review of relevant aspects of reports submitted by 
     States, Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and tribal 
     consortia under this part and part B, and data and other 
     information reported pursuant to the system established under 
     section 479.
       ``(B) Analysis of the extent to which States, Indian 
     tribes, tribal organizations, and tribal consortia comply 
     with, and enforce, the protocols required by section 
     471(a)(35).
       ``(C) Analysis of the effectiveness of such protocols.
       ``(D) Identification of obstacles for States, Indian 
     tribes, tribal organizations, and tribal consortia to 
     identifying and responding to reports of children missing 
     from foster care and other vulnerable foster youth.
       ``(E) Identification of best practices for identifying such 
     children and youth and intervening with effective services.
       ``(3) Technical assistance.--The Secretary shall provide 
     States, Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and tribal 
     consortia with information, advice, educational materials, 
     and technical assistance relating to eliminating identified 
     obstacles to identifying and responding to reports of 
     children missing from foster care and other vulnerable foster 
     youth and providing such children and youth with effective 
     services. Such assistance may include dissemination of--
       ``(A) processes and tools to identify and examine risk 
     factors and potential trends related to children who go 
     missing from foster care and other vulnerable youth;
       ``(B) best practices for runaway tracking and recovery; and
       ``(C) guidelines for intervention, including with respect 
     to services, types of providers, and placement settings.
       ``(4) Report.--Not later than 5 years after the date of 
     enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall submit a 
     report to Congress on the results of the evaluation conducted 
     under this subsection and the technical assistance provided 
     in accordance with paragraph (3).''.

     SEC. 3. IMPROVING SCREENING AND ASSESSMENT OF CHILDREN 
                   RETURNED TO FOSTER CARE AFTER GOING MISSING TO 
                   DETERMINE WHETHER THEY WERE, OR ARE AT RISK OF 
                   BECOMING, VICTIMS OF SEX TRAFFICKING.

       Section 476 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 676), as 
     amended by section 2, is further amended by adding at the end 
     the following:
       ``(g) Improving Identification of, and Services for, 
     Children Who Return to Foster Care After Running Away or 
     Otherwise Being Absent From Foster Care and Who Are, or Are 
     at Risk of Being, Victims of Sex Trafficking.--
       ``(1) Assistance.--
       ``(A) Screening after a return to foster care.--The 
     Secretary shall provide States, Indian tribes, tribal 
     organizations, and tribal consortia, with information, 
     advice, educational materials, and technical assistance to 
     improve compliance with section 471(a)(35)(A)(iii).
       ``(B) Improving other requirements.--The information, 
     advice, educational materials, and technical assistance 
     provided may include information, advice, educational 
     materials, and technical assistance to improve or modify 
     policies and procedures (including relevant training for 
     caseworkers) developed by States, Indian tribes, tribal 
     organizations, and tribal consortia under section 
     471(a)(9)(C), including the following:
       ``(i) Identifying, through screening, whether the State has 
     reasonable cause to believe the child or youth is, or is at 
     risk of being, a victim of sex trafficking.
       ``(ii) Documenting the results of such screening in agency 
     records.
       ``(iii) Determining appropriate services for a child or 
     youth for whom the State determines there is reasonable cause 
     to identify the child or youth as a victim of sex 
     trafficking, or as at risk of being a victim of sex 
     trafficking.
       ``(iv) Documenting in agency records the determination of 
     appropriate services for a child or youth described in clause 
     (iii).
       ``(2) Forms of assistance.--The assistance provided under 
     this subsection shall include the following:

[[Page H5258]]

       ``(A) Assisting States, Indian tribes, tribal 
     organizations, and tribal consortia, with developing 
     oversight mechanisms to assess their compliance with section 
     471(a)(35)(A)(iii).
       ``(B) Assisting States, Indian tribes, tribal 
     organizations, and tribal consortia in developing--
       ``(i) assessments for screening children who return to 
     foster care after running away or otherwise being absent from 
     foster care for risk of becoming victims of sex trafficking; 
     and
       ``(ii) effective and robust policies relating to the use of 
     the assessments.
       ``(C) Working with States, Indian tribes, tribal 
     organizations, and tribal consortia to improve or modify 
     policies and procedures developed under section 471(a)(9)(C).
       ``(D) Providing technical assistance on how States, Indian 
     tribes, tribal organizations, and tribal consortia may best 
     use data collected pursuant to section 479 for oversight of, 
     and to ensure compliance with, the requirements of paragraphs 
     (9)(C) and (35)(A)(iii) of section 471(a).
       ``(3) Consultation.--The Secretary shall, to the extent 
     practicable, consult with internal and external offices with 
     expertise on sex trafficking, including the Office on 
     Trafficking in Persons of the Administration for Children and 
     Families, on the development and dissemination to States, 
     Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and tribal consortia of 
     the assistance required under this subsection.''.

     SEC. 4. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.

       There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary 
     such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act for fiscal 
     year 2024 through fiscal year 2027.

     SEC. 5. IDENTIFYING AND ADDRESSING CONDITIONS THAT LEAD TO 
                   YOUTH RUNNING AWAY FROM FOSTER CARE.

       The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit 
     to the Congress a written report that--
       (1) contains a rigorous analysis of administrative data to 
     determine the characteristics of youth who run away from 
     foster care and other relevant information about foster care 
     runaway episodes;
       (2) includes information from interviews with recent foster 
     youth runaways regarding their reasons for running away and 
     what happened after they ran away, including any screening or 
     other protocol followed by the State;
       (3) includes a systematic review of research and evidence 
     related to foster youth runaways;
       (4) sets forth best practices for making foster care safe 
     for youth and reducing the number of foster youth runaways; 
     and
       (5) makes recommendations to advance child welfare 
     practices, after convening and consulting with a group of 
     child welfare practitioners and professionals to inform the 
     recommendations.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Missouri (Mr. Smith) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Davis) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri.


                             General Leave

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all 
Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their 
remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under 
consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Missouri?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, every year, thousands of families open their hearts and 
welcome into their homes children who have suffered abuse, neglect, and 
abandonment. Right now, there are nearly 400,000 children in foster 
care.
  Youth in the foster care system often have experienced serious trauma 
and are at high risk of going missing or running away from their foster 
care placements, which increases their likelihood of experiencing 
homelessness, human trafficking, and other exploitation.
  Over the past year, the Committee on Ways and Means has been hard at 
work reforming aspects of our child welfare programs. The Find and 
Protect Foster Youth Act, introduced by Senator John Cornyn and 
Representative Tony Gonzales, will bring us one step closer to 
realizing that goal.
  This legislation requires the Department of Health and Human Services 
and States to improve tracking for children in the foster care system 
who have run away or gone missing at some point, including screening 
youth for signs of human trafficking or other trauma.
  Under Federal law, States are required to report missing foster 
children within 24 hours to law enforcement, yet some States still 
struggle to implement those protocols. This means that in some cases, 
kids missing from foster care are not being tracked or reported as 
missing in a timely manner.
  This legislation also requires HHS to evaluate State protocols for 
shortcomings and share that information with Congress so we can 
implement the changes to better track and protect youth in our foster 
care system.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1146, the Find and Protect 
Foster Youth Act, as amended.
  This bill builds on existing HHS guidance to ensure that States 
understand their grave responsibilities when youth go missing from 
foster care. It would require HHS to determine whether States are in 
full compliance with the law and guidance and also to identify best 
practices and provide technical support to States so that they can do 
better by our youth.
  Our committee worked closely with HHS to update the original guidance 
and then advanced, last year, the bipartisan House companion bill, H.R. 
2426.
  Taking a child into foster care is a last resort, something that we 
should do only if a child cannot live safely at home even with services 
or support. Once a State takes custody of a child, they must keep that 
child safe and act in the child's best interest. There is no higher 
obligation than keeping a child safe in our care.
  We know that children who run away from foster care are not safe. 
They are disproportionately likely to be homeless or to fall prey to 
sex traffickers and other predators. They often struggle with mental 
health challenges or substance abuse.
  To our shame, many youth who run away from foster care also were not 
safe before they ran away. They ran away because they were placed in an 
unsafe home or separated from siblings and other family members.
  This amended version of S. 1146 addresses that issue by requiring HHS 
to study and learn more about how to prevent the situation that causes 
youth to flee.
  In crafting this bipartisan additional study requirement, I was 
fortunate to consult Bryan Samuels and the able team at Chapin Hall in 
my city of Chicago. Their deep expertise and prior work on this topic 
informed our thinking.
  I take great pride in our committee's bipartisan work to strengthen 
families and protect vulnerable foster youth over the years, including 
the landmark Family First Prevention Services Act and the strong bill 
to reauthorize and invest in child welfare services that we are also 
considering today.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the Find and Protect 
Foster Youth Act and continue to work together to advance thoughtful 
legislation to help our most vulnerable youth and families.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she might 
consume to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Brown).

                              {time}  1545

  Ms. BROWN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Find and 
Protect Foster Youth Act.
  Every day 55 foster youth in the United States go missing. Their 
average age is 15. Missing means we don't know where they are or if 
they are safe, and all too often they are not safe.
  Right now, the system is failing foster youth. So often, people say: 
They fell through the cracks. It is our job to find where those cracks 
are and to fill them.
  That is what this bill does. It requires the Federal Government to 
coordinate with States to find the gaps and fill them so that we can 
keep foster youth safe.
  Mr. Speaker, 55 new foster youth missing each day is 55 too many, and 
I urge my colleagues to pass this bill for foster youth in Ohio and 
across the country.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance 
of my time.
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my 
time.

[[Page H5259]]

  In closing, Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Smith and Chairman LaHood 
for their work and their assistance in moving this bill that would 
require HHS to determine whether States are in full compliance with the 
law when youth go missing from foster care, and also to identify best 
practices and provide technical support to States so that they can 
better serve these young people in our care and need our help.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, our foster care system is a 
lifeline for thousands of children who have been displaced, abused, and 
neglected. Many of these children are at risk for going missing or 
running away from their foster homes, which puts them at risk of 
experiencing homelessness and human trafficking.
  As Members of Congress, our responsibility to protect foster youth 
doesn't end once they are placed in a home. We must ensure that States 
have the tools and guidance to locate these children when they go 
missing in a timely manner and work to make sure every child has a safe 
and loving home.
  This legislation will strengthen communication between States and the 
Federal Government to help them find and protect missing foster youth 
who are in crisis.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, S. 1146, as amended.
  The question was taken.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds 
being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and 
nays.
  The yeas and nays were ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further 
proceedings on this motion will be postponed.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5259-H5270]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




             SUPPORTING AMERICA'S CHILDREN AND FAMILIES ACT

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and 
pass the bill (H.R. 9076) to reauthorize and modernize part B of title 
IV of the Social Security Act to strengthen child welfare services, 
expand the availability of prevention services to better meet the needs 
of vulnerable families, and for other purposes, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 9076

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Supporting America's 
     Children and Families Act''.

        TITLE I--CHILD WELFARE REAUTHORIZATION AND MODERNIZATION

     SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES.

       (a) Short Title.--This title may be cited as the 
     ``Protecting America's Children by Strengthening Families 
     Act''.
       (b) References.--Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
     wherever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in 
     terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other 
     provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to 
     that section or other provision of the Social Security Act.

     SEC. 102. TABLE OF CONTENTS.

       The table of contents of this title is as follows:

Sec. 101. Short title; references.
Sec. 102. Table of contents.
Sec. 103. Reauthorization of child welfare programs.
Sec. 104. Enhancements to the court improvement program.
Sec. 105. Expanding regional partnership grants to address parental 
              substance use disorder as cause of child removal.
Sec. 106. Modernization; reducing administrative burden.
Sec. 107. Streamlining funding for Indian tribes.
Sec. 108. Accelerating access to Family First prevention services.
Sec. 109. Strengthening support for youth aging out of foster care.
Sec. 110. Recognizing the importance of relative and kinship 
              caregivers.
Sec. 111. Avoiding neglect by addressing poverty.
Sec. 112. Strengthening support for caseworkers.
Sec. 113. Demonstration projects for improving relationships between 
              incarcerated parents and children in foster care.
Sec. 114. Guidance to States on improving data collection and reporting 
              for youth in residential treatment programs.
Sec. 115. Streamlining research, training, and technical assistance 
              funding.
Sec. 116. Report on post adoption and subsidized guardianship services.
Sec. 117. Effective date.

     SEC. 103. REAUTHORIZATION OF CHILD WELFARE PROGRAMS.

       (a) Reauthorization of Subpart 1; Discretionary Funding.--
     Section 425 (42 U.S.C. 625) is amended by striking ``2017 
     through 2023'' and inserting ``2025 through 2029''.
       (b) Reauthorization of Subpart 2; Enhanced Support.--
     Section 436(a) (42 U.S.C. 629f(a)) is amended by striking 
     ``each of fiscal years 2017 through 2023'' and inserting 
     ``fiscal year 2025 and $420,000,000 for each of fiscal years 
     2026 through 2029''.
       (c) Reauthorization of Subpart 2; Discretionary Funding.--
     Section 437(a) (42 U.S.C. 629g(a)) is amended by striking 
     ``2017 through 2023'' and inserting ``2025 through 2029''.
       (d) Funding Limitation.--Section 423(a)(2)(A) (42 U.S.C. 
     623(a)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting ``, not to exceed 
     $10,000,000'' before the semicolon.

     SEC. 104. ENHANCEMENTS TO THE COURT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM.

       (a) Increase in Reservation of Funds.--Section 436(b)(2) 
     (42 U.S.C. 629f(b)(2)) is amended by inserting ``for fiscal 
     year 2025 and $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2026 and each 
     succeeding fiscal year'' before ``for grants''.
       (b) Extension of State Match Requirement.--Section 438(d) 
     (42 U.S.C. 629h(d)) is amended by striking ``2017 through 
     2023'' and inserting ``2025 through 2029''.
       (c) Program Improvements.--Section 438(a) (42 U.S.C. 
     629h(a)) is amended--
       (1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following:
       ``(F) that determine the appropriateness and best practices 
     for use of technology to conduct remote hearings, subject to 
     participant consent, including to ensure maximum 
     participation of individuals involved in proceedings and to 
     enable courts to maintain operations in times of public 
     health or other emergencies;'';
       (2) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking ``personnel.'' and 
     inserting ``personnel and supporting optimal use of remote 
     hearing technology; and''; and
       (3) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(3) to ensure continuity of needed court services, 
     prevent disruption of the services, and enable their recovery 
     from threats such as public health crises, natural disasters 
     or cyberattacks, including through--
       ``(A) support for technology that allows court proceedings 
     to occur remotely subject to participant consent, including 
     hearings and legal representation;
       ``(B) the development of guidance and protocols for 
     responding to the occurrences and coordinating with other 
     agencies; and
       ``(C) other activities carried out to ensure backup systems 
     are in place.''.
       (d) Implementation Guidance on Sharing Best Practices for 
     Technological Changes Needed for Remote Court Proceedings for 
     Foster Care or Adoption.--Section 438 (42 U.S.C. 629h) is 
     amended by adding at the end the following:
       ``(e) Guidance.--
       ``(1) In general.--Every 5 years, the Secretary shall issue 
     implementation guidance for sharing information on best 
     practices for--
       ``(A) technological changes needed for court proceedings 
     for foster care, guardianship, or adoption to be conducted 
     remotely in a way that maximizes engagement and protects the 
     privacy of participants; and
       ``(B) the manner in which the proceedings should be 
     conducted.
       ``(2) Initial issuance.--The Secretary shall issue initial 
     guidance required by paragraph (1) with preliminary 
     information on best practices not later than October 1, 2025.
       ``(3) Additional consultation.--The Secretary shall consult 
     with Indian tribes on the development of appropriate 
     guidelines for State court proceedings involving Indian 
     children to maximize engagement of Indian tribes and provide 
     appropriate guidelines on conducting State court proceedings 
     subject to the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 
     1901 et seq.).''.

     SEC. 105. EXPANDING REGIONAL PARTNERSHIP GRANTS TO ADDRESS 
                   PARENTAL SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER AS CAUSE OF 
                   CHILD REMOVAL.

       (a) Increase in Reservation of Funds.--Section 436(b)(5) 
     (42 U.S.C. 629f(b)(5)) is amended by striking ``each of 
     fiscal years 2017 through 2023'' and inserting ``fiscal year 
     2025 and $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2026 and each succeeding 
     fiscal year''.
       (b) Reauthorization.--Section 437(f) (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)) is 
     amended--
       (1) in paragraph (3)(A)--
       (A) by striking ``In addition to amounts authorized to be 
     appropriated to carry out this section, the'' and inserting 
     ``The''; and
       (B) by striking ``2017 through 2023'' and inserting ``2025 
     through 2029''; and
       (2) in paragraph (10), by striking ``for each of fiscal 
     years 2017 through 2023''.
       (c) Authority to Waive Planning Phase.--Section 
     437(f)(3)(B)(iii) (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)(3)(B)(iii)) is amended--
       (1) by striking all that precedes ``grant awarded'' and 
     inserting the following:
       ``(iii) Sufficient planning.--

       ``(I) In general.--A''; and

       (2) by striking ``may not exceed $250,000, and''; and

[[Page H5260]]

       (3) by adding after and below the end the following:

       ``(II) Exception.--The Secretary, on a case-by-case basis, 
     may waive the planning phase for a partnership that 
     demonstrates that the partnership has engaged in sufficient 
     planning before submitting an application for a grant under 
     this subsection.''.

       (d) Expanding Availability of Evidence-based Services.--
       (1) In general.--Section 437(f)(1) (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)(1)) 
     is amended by inserting ``, and expand the scope of the 
     evidence-based services that may be approved by the 
     clearinghouse established under section 476(d)'' before the 
     period.
       (2) Considerations for awarding grants.--Section 437(f)(7) 
     (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)(7)) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``and'' at the end of subparagraph (D);
       (B) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (E) 
     and inserting ``; and''; and
       (C) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(F) have submitted information pursuant to paragraph 
     (4)(F) that demonstrates the capability to participate in 
     rigorous evaluation of program effectiveness.''.
       (e) Technical Assistance on Using Regional Partnership 
     Grant Funds in Coordination With Other Federal Funds to 
     Better Serve Families Affected by a Substance Use Disorder.--
     Section 435(d) (42 U.S.C. 629e(d)) is amended--
       (1) by striking ``and'' at the end of paragraph (4);
       (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (5) and 
     inserting ``; and''; and
       (3) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(6) use grants under section 437(f) in coordination with 
     other Federal funds to better serve families in the child 
     welfare system that are affected by a substance use 
     disorder.''.
       (f) Performance Indicators.--Section 437(f)(8)(A) (42 
     U.S.C. 629g(f)(8)(A)) is amended in the 1st sentence--
       (1) by striking ``this subsection'' the 1st place it 
     appears and inserting ``the Protecting America's Children by 
     Strengthening Families Act'';
       (2) by inserting ``child permanency, reunification, re-
     entry into care,'' before ``parental recovery''; and
       (3) by inserting ``, and access to services for families 
     with substance use disorder, including those with children 
     who are overrepresented in foster care, difficult to place, 
     or have disproportionately low permanency rates'' before the 
     period.
       (g) Performance Indicator Consultation Required.--Section 
     437(f)(8)(B) (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)(8)(B)) is amended by 
     redesignating clause (iii) as clause (iv) and inserting after 
     clause (ii) the following:
       ``(iii) The Administrator of the National Institute on Drug 
     Abuse.''.
       (h) Reports to Congress.--Section 437(f)(9)(B) (42 U.S.C. 
     629g(f)(9)(B)) is amended--
       (1) by striking ``and'' at the end of clause (ii);
       (2) by striking the period at the end of clause (iii) and 
     inserting ``; and''; and
       (3) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(iv) whether any programs funded by the grants were 
     submitted to the clearinghouse established under section 
     476(d) for review and the results of any such review.''.
       (i) Priority for Statewide Service Growth.--Section 
     437(f)(7) (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)(7)), as amended by subsection 
     (d)(2) of this section, is amended--
       (1) by striking ``and'' at the end of subparagraph (E);
       (2) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (F) 
     and inserting ``; and''; and
       (3) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(G) are a State or public agency, or outline a plan to 
     increase the availability of services funded under the grant 
     statewide.''.
       (j) Addition of Juvenile Court as Required Partner.--
     Section 437(f)(2)(A) (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)(2)(A)) is amended by 
     adding at the end the following:
       ``(iii) The most appropriate administrative office of the 
     juvenile court or State court overseeing court proceedings 
     involving families who come to the attention of the court due 
     to child abuse or neglect.''.
       (k) Additional Optional Partner.--Section 437(f)(2)(C) (42 
     U.S.C. 629g(f)(2)(C)) is amended by redesignating clause (ix) 
     as clause (x) and inserting after clause (viii) the 
     following:
       ``(ix) State or local agencies that administer Federal 
     health care, housing, family support, or other related 
     programs.''.
       (l) Conforming Amendments.--
       (1) Section 437(f)(2)(D) (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)(2)(D)) is 
     amended--
       (A) by adding ``and'' at the end of clause (i);
       (B) by striking ``; and'' at the end of clause (ii) and 
     inserting a period; and
       (C) by striking clause (iii).
       (2) Section 437(f)(2) (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)(2)) is amended by 
     striking subparagraph (B) and redesignating subparagraphs (C) 
     and (D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively

     SEC. 106. MODERNIZATION; REDUCING ADMINISTRATIVE BURDEN.

       (a) In General.--Section 431 (42 U.S.C. 629a) is amended by 
     adding at the end the following:
       ``(c) Use of Technology.--
       ``(1) Use of portal.--The services referred to in 
     subsection (a) may include the means of access to and use of 
     an electronic or digital portal to facilitate the provision 
     of community support to care for and meet specific needs of 
     families and children.
       ``(2) Limitation.--Such a portal shall not retain or share 
     personally identifiable information about a beneficiary 
     without consent or for any purpose other than referral.''.
       (b) Allowing Support for Family Resource Centers.--Section 
     431(a) (42 U.S.C. 629a(a)) is amended--
       (1) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ``, including 
     services provided by family resource centers,'' before 
     ``designed''; and
       (2) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(10) Family resource center.--
       ``(A) In general.--The term `family resource center' means 
     a community or school-based hub of support services for 
     families that--
       ``(i) utilizes an approach that is multi-generational, 
     strengths-based, and family-centered;
       ``(ii) reflects, and is responsive to, community needs and 
     interests;
       ``(iii) provides support at no or low cost for 
     participants; and
       ``(iv) builds communities of peer support for families, 
     including kinship families, to develop social connections 
     that reduce isolation and stress.
       ``(B) Special rule.--For purposes of this subpart, an 
     expenditure for a service provided by a family resource 
     center may be treated as an expenditure for any 1 or more of 
     family support services, family preservation services, family 
     reunification services, or adoption promotion and support 
     services as long as the expenditure is related to serving the 
     children and families in the specified category and 
     consistent with the overall purpose of the category.''.
       (c) Updating State Plan Requirement.--Section 422(b)(1) (42 
     U.S.C. 622(b)(1)) is amended to read as follows:
       ``(1) provide that a State agency will administer or 
     supervise the administration of the plan under this 
     subpart;''.
       (d) Access to Legal Representation.--Section 422(b)(4) (42 
     U.S.C. 622(b)(4)) is amended--
       (1) by striking ``and'' at the end of subparagraph (A);
       (2) by adding ``and'' at the end of subparagraph (B); and
       (3) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(C) the steps that the State will take to ensure that, 
     with respect to any judicial proceeding involving a child and 
     in which there is an allegation of child abuse or neglect, 
     including a proceeding on dependency, adoption, guardianship, 
     or termination of parental rights, information about 
     available independent legal representation is provided to--
       ``(i) the child, as appropriate; and
       ``(ii) any individual who is a parent or guardian, or has 
     legal custody, of the child;''.
       (e) Supporting Mental Health and Well-being of Children in 
     Foster Care.--Section 422(b)(15)(A) (42 U.S.C. 622(b)(15) is 
     amended--
       (1) in the matter preceding clause (i)--
       (A) by inserting ``and, if applicable, the State agency 
     responsible for mental health services,'' before ``and in 
     consultation''; and
       (B) by inserting ``mental health providers,'' before 
     ``other experts'';
       (2) in clause (ii), by inserting ``a list of services 
     provided to support the physical and'' before ``emotional'';
       (3) in clause (iv), by inserting ``and mental health'' 
     before ``services'';
       (4) in clause (v), by inserting ``, informed consent of 
     youth, and compliance with professional practice guidelines'' 
     before the semicolon; and
       (5) in clause (vi), by inserting ``, licensed mental health 
     providers,'' before ``or other''.
       (f) Reduction of Administrative Burden.--
       (1) In general.--Subpart 3 of part B of title IV (42 U.S.C. 
     629m) is amended by redesignating section 440 as section 443 
     and inserting before such section the following:

     ``SEC. 441. REDUCTION OF ADMINISTRATIVE BURDEN.

       ``(a) In General.--The Secretary shall reduce the burden of 
     administering this part imposed on the recipients of funds 
     under this part, by--
       ``(1) reviewing and revising administrative data collection 
     instruments and forms to eliminate duplication and streamline 
     reporting requirements for the recipients while collecting 
     all data required under this part;
       ``(2) in coordination with activities required under the 
     Paperwork Reduction Act, conducting an analysis of the total 
     number of hours reported by the recipients to comply with 
     paperwork requirements and exploring, in consultation with 
     the recipients, how to reduce the number of hours required 
     for the compliance by at least 15 percent;
       ``(3) collecting input from the recipients with respect to 
     fiscal and oversight requirements and making changes to 
     ensure consistency with standards and guidelines for other 
     Federal formula grant programs based on the input; and
       ``(4) respecting the sovereignty of Indian tribes when 
     complying with this subsection.
       ``(b) Limitation on Applicability.--Subsection (a) of this 
     section shall not apply to any reporting or data collection 
     otherwise required by law that would affect the ability of 
     the Secretary to monitor and ensure compliance with State 
     plans approved under this part or ensure that funds are 
     expended consistent with this part.

     ``SEC. 442. PUBLIC ACCESS TO STATE PLANS.

       ``The Secretary shall--
       ``(1) create a standardized format for State plans required 
     under sections 422 and 432 used to monitor compliance with 
     those sections;

[[Page H5261]]

       ``(2) produce comparisons and analyses of trends in State 
     plans to inform future technical assistance and policy 
     development;
       ``(3) make the State plans available on a public website; 
     and
       ``(4) include on the website aggregated national summaries 
     of State submissions as the Secretary deems appropriate.''.
       (2) Implementation.--Within 2 years after the date of the 
     enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human 
     Services shall--
       (A) comply with section 441 of the Social Security Act, as 
     added by the amendment made by paragraph (1); and
       (B) notify each recipient of funds under part B of title IV 
     of the Social Security Act of any change made by the 
     Secretary pursuant to such section affecting the recipient.
       (3) Report.--Within 3 years after the date of the enactment 
     of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall 
     submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of 
     Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a 
     report describing the efforts of the Secretary to comply with 
     section 441 of the Social Security Act, as added by the 
     amendment made by paragraph (1), including the specific 
     actions to comply with each paragraph of such section.
       (g) Primary Prevention Partners.--Section 435(a)(2)(B) (42 
     U.S.C. 429e(a)(2)(B)) is amended by inserting ``including 
     community-based partners with expertise in preventing 
     unnecessary child welfare system involvement'' before the 
     semicolon.

     SEC. 107. STREAMLINING FUNDING FOR INDIAN TRIBES.

       (a) Subpart 1.--
       (1) Tribal set-aside; direct payments to tribes; exemptive 
     authority.--
       (A) In general.--Section 428 (42 U.S.C. 628) is amended by 
     striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following:
       ``(a) Reservation of Funds; Direct Payments.--Out of any 
     amount appropriated pursuant to section 425 for a fiscal 
     year, the Secretary shall reserve 3 percent for grants to 
     Indian tribes and tribal organizations, which shall be paid 
     directly to Indian tribes and tribal organizations with a 
     plan approved under this subpart, in accordance with section 
     433(a).''.
       (B) Conforming amendment.--Section 423(a) (42 U.S.C. 
     623(a)) is amended by striking ``the sum appropriated 
     pursuant to section 425 for each fiscal year'' and inserting 
     ``for each fiscal year, the sum appropriated pursuant to 
     section 425 remaining after applying section 428(a)''.
       (C) Technical amendment.--Section 428(c) (42 U.S.C. 628(c)) 
     is amended by striking ``450b'' and inserting ``5304''.
       (2) Improving compliance with the indian child welfare 
     act.--
       (A) State plan requirement.--Section 422(b)(9) (42 U.S.C. 
     622(b)(9)) is amended by striking ``Act;'' and inserting 
     ``Act of 1978, including how the State will ensure timely 
     notice to Indian tribes of State custody proceedings 
     involving Indian children, foster care or adoptive placements 
     of Indian children, and case recordkeeping as such matters 
     relate to transfers of jurisdiction, termination of parental 
     rights, and active efforts;''.
       (B) Technical assistance.--Subpart 1 of part B of title IV 
     (42 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the 
     following:

     ``SEC. 429B. EFFECTIVE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE INDIAN CHILD 
                   WELFARE ACT OF 1978.

       ``(a) In General.--Not later than October 1, 2025, the 
     Secretary, in consultation with Indian tribal organizations 
     and States, shall develop a plan and provide technical 
     assistance supporting effective implementation of the Indian 
     Child Welfare Act of 1978, including specific measures 
     identified in State plans as required by section 422(b)(9) of 
     this Act. The technical assistance plan shall be based on 
     data sufficient to assess State strengths and areas for 
     improvement in implementing Federal standards established 
     under the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978, including, at a 
     minimum, the following:
       ``(1) Timely identification of Indian children and extended 
     family members.
       ``(2) Timely tribal notice of State child custody 
     proceedings involving an Indian child.
       ``(3) Reports of cases in which a transfer of jurisdiction 
     (as defined under the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978) was 
     granted or was not granted, and reasons specified for denial 
     in cases where transfer was denied.
       ``(4) In cases in which a State court orders a foster care 
     placement of an Indian child, whether requirements for active 
     efforts to prevent the breakup of the Indian family, 
     testimony of a qualified expert witness, and evidentiary 
     standards were met.
       ``(5) Whether an Indian child was placed in a placement 
     that is required to be preferred under the Indian Child 
     Welfare Act of 1978, and if not, the reasons specified.
       ``(6) In cases in which a State court orders the 
     termination of parental rights to an Indian child, whether 
     requirements for active efforts to prevent the breakup of the 
     Indian family, testimony of a qualified expert witness, and 
     evidentiary standards were met.
       ``(b) Interagency Coordination.--On request of the 
     Secretary, the Secretary of the Interior shall provide the 
     Secretary with such guidance and assistance as may be 
     necessary to facilitate informing States and public child 
     welfare agencies on how to comply with the Indian Child 
     Welfare Act of 1978, including specific measures identified 
     in State plans as required by section 422(b)(9) of this Act.
       ``(c) Biennial Reports to Congress.--The Secretary shall 
     biennially submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the 
     House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the 
     Senate a written report on how--
       ``(1) the States are complying with the Indian Child 
     Welfare Act of 1978 and section 422(b)(9) of this Act, as 
     informed by data collected under this section; and
       ``(2) the Secretary is assisting States and Indian tribes 
     to improve implementation of Federal standards established 
     under the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978.''.
       (3) Reporting requirements; administrative costs.--
       (A) In general.--Section 428 (42 U.S.C. 628) is amended by 
     redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d) and inserting 
     before such subsection the following:
       ``(b) Authority to Streamline Reporting Requirements.--The 
     Secretary shall, in consultation with the affected Indian 
     tribes, modify any reporting requirement imposed by or under 
     this part on an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal 
     consortium if the total of the amounts allotted to the Indian 
     tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium under this 
     part for the fiscal year is not more than $50,000, and in a 
     manner that limits the administrative burden on any tribe to 
     which not more than $50,000 is allotted under this subpart 
     for the fiscal year.
       ``(c) Tribal Authority to Substitute the Federal Negotiated 
     Indirect Cost Rate for Administrative Costs Cap.--For 
     purposes of sections 422(b)(14) and 424(e), an Indian tribal 
     organization may elect to have the weighted average of the 
     indirect cost rates in effect under part 220 of title 2, Code 
     of Federal Regulations with respect to the administrative 
     costs of the Indian tribal organization apply in lieu of the 
     percentage specified in each such section.''.
       (B) Conforming amendments.--Section 431(a) (42 U.S.C. 
     629a(a)) is amended in each of paragraphs (5) and (6) by 
     striking ``428(c)'' and inserting ``428(d)''.
       (b) Subpart 2.--
       (1) Tribal plan exemption.--Section 432(b)(2)(B) (42 U.S.C. 
     629b(b)(2)(B)) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``section 433(a)'' the 1st place it appears 
     and inserting ``sections 433(a) and 437(c)(1) combined''; and
       (B) by striking ``section 433(a)'' the 2nd place it appears 
     and inserting ``such sections''.
       (2) Application of tribal set-aside before other set-
     asides.--Section 436(b)(3) (42 U.S.C. 429f(b)(3)) is amended 
     by striking ``After applying paragraphs (4) and (5) (but 
     before applying paragraphs (1) or (2)), the'' and inserting 
     ``The''.
       (3) Increase in funding for tribal court improvement 
     program.--Section 438(c)(3) (42 U.S.C. 629h(c)(3)) is amended 
     by inserting ``for fiscal year 2025, and $2,000,000 for each 
     of fiscal years 2026 through 2029,'' before ``for grants''.

     SEC. 108. ACCELERATING ACCESS TO FAMILY FIRST PREVENTION 
                   SERVICES.

       (a) In General.--Section 435 (42 U.S.C. 629e) is amended by 
     adding at the end the following:
       ``(f) Prevention Services Evaluation Partnerships.--
       ``(1) Purpose.--The purpose of this subsection is to 
     authorize the Secretary to make competitive grants to support 
     the timely evaluation of--
       ``(A) services and programs described in section 471(e); or
       ``(B) kinship navigator programs described in section 
     474(a)(7).
       ``(2) Grants.--In accordance with applications approved 
     under this subsection, the Secretary may make grants, on a 
     competitive basis, to eligible entities to carry out projects 
     designed to evaluate a service or program provided by the 
     eligible entity, or an entity in partnership with the 
     eligible entity, with respect to the requirements for a 
     promising practice, supported practice, or well-supported 
     practice described in section 471(e)(4)(C).
       ``(3) Applications.--
       ``(A) In general.--An eligible entity may apply to the 
     Secretary for a grant under this subsection to carry out a 
     project that meets the following requirements:
       ``(i) The project is designed in accordance with paragraph 
     (2).
       ``(ii) The project is to be carried out by the applicant in 
     partnership with--

       ``(I) a State agency that administers, or supervises the 
     administration of, the State plan approved under part E, or 
     an agency administering the plan under the supervision of the 
     State agency; and
       ``(II) if the applicant is unable or unwilling to do so, at 
     least 1 external evaluator to carry out the evaluation of the 
     service or program provided by the applicant.

       ``(B) Contents.--The application shall contain the 
     following:
       ``(i) A description of the project, including--

       ``(I) a statement explaining why a grant is necessary to 
     carry out the project; and
       ``(II) the amount of grant funds that would be disbursed to 
     each entity described in subparagraph (A)(ii) in partnership 
     with the applicant.

       ``(ii) A certification from each entity described in 
     subparagraph (A)(ii) that provides assurances that the 
     individual or entity is in partnership with the applicant and 
     will fulfill the responsibilities of the entity specified in 
     the description provided pursuant to clause (i) of this 
     subparagraph.

[[Page H5262]]

       ``(iii) A certification from the applicant that provides 
     assurances that the applicant intends to comply with 
     subparagraph (A)(ii)(II), if applicable.
       ``(iv) At the option of the eligible entity, a 
     certification from the applicant that the applicant requires 
     an external evaluator secured by the Secretary pursuant to 
     paragraph (5), if applicable.
       ``(4) Priorities.--In approving applications under this 
     subsection, the Secretary shall prioritize the following:
       ``(A) Addressing, with respect to the clearinghouse of 
     practices described in section 476(d)(2), deficiencies or 
     gaps identified by the Secretary in consultation with--
       ``(i) States, political subdivisions of a State, and tribal 
     communities carrying out, or receiving the benefits of, a 
     service or program; and
       ``(ii) child welfare experts, including individuals with 
     lived experience.
       ``(B) Maximizing the number of evidence-based services or 
     programs to be included in the clearinghouse of practices 
     described in section 476(d)(2).
       ``(C) Timely completion of evaluations and the production 
     of evidence.
       ``(D) Supporting services or programs that are based on, or 
     are adaptations to new population settings of, a service or 
     program with reliable evidence about the benefits and risks 
     of the service or program.
       ``(5) Availability of external evaluators.--
       ``(A) In general.--Before accepting applications under this 
     subsection, the Secretary shall make reasonable efforts to 
     identify at least 1 entity to serve as an external evaluator 
     for any eligible entity that includes a certification under 
     paragraph (3)(B)(iv) with an application under this 
     subsection.
       ``(B) No effect on consideration of application.--The 
     Secretary may not consider whether an eligible entity is in 
     partnership with an external evaluator described in paragraph 
     (A) in approving an application under this subsection 
     submitted by the eligible entity.
       ``(6) Reports.--
       ``(A) By grant recipients.--Within 1 year after receiving a 
     grant under this subsection, and every year thereafter for 
     the next 5 years, the grant recipient shall submit to the 
     Secretary a written report on--
       ``(i) the use of grant funds;
       ``(ii) whether the program or service evaluated by the 
     project meets a requirement specified in section 
     471(e)(4)(C), including information about--

       ``(I) how the program or service is being carried out in 
     accordance with standards specified in the requirement;
       ``(II) any outcomes of the program or service; and
       ``(III) any outcome with respect to which the service or 
     program compares favorably to a comparison practice; and

       ``(iii) whether the Secretary has included the program or 
     service in an update to the clearinghouse of practices 
     described in section 476(d)(2).
       ``(B) By the secretary.--The Secretary shall submit to the 
     Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives 
     and to the Committee on Finance of the Senate an annual 
     written report on--
       ``(i) the grants awarded under this subsection;
       ``(ii) the programs funded by the grants;
       ``(iii) any technical assistance provided by the Secretary 
     in carrying out this subsection, including with respect to 
     the efforts to secure external evaluators pursuant to 
     paragraph (5); and
       ``(iv) any efforts by the Secretary to support program 
     evaluation and review pursuant to section 471(e) and 
     inclusion of programs in the pre-approved list of services 
     and programs described in section 471(e)(4)(D) or the 
     clearinghouse of practices described in section 476(d)(2).
       ``(7) Funding.--
       ``(A) Limitations.--Of the amounts available to carry out 
     this subsection, the Secretary may use not more than 5 
     percent to provide technical assistance.
       ``(B) Carryover.--Amounts made available to carry out this 
     subsection shall remain available until expended.
       ``(8) Definitions.--In this subsection:
       ``(A) Eligible entity.--The term `eligible entity' means 
     any of the following providing a service or program or, in 
     the sole determination of the Secretary, able to provide a 
     service or program if awarded a grant under this subsection:
       ``(i) A State, a political subdivision of a State, or an 
     agency or department of a State or political subdivision of a 
     State.
       ``(ii) An entity described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of 
     section 426(a)(1).
       ``(iii) An Indian tribe or tribal organization.
       ``(B) External evaluator.--The term `external evaluator' 
     means an entity with the ability and willingness to evaluate 
     a service or program pursuant to paragraph (2) that is not 
     provided by the entity.
       ``(C) Service or program.--The term `service or program'--
       ``(i) means a service or program described in section 
     471(e); and
       ``(ii) includes a kinship navigator program described in 
     section 474(a)(7).''.
       (b) Funding.--Section 437(b) (42 U.S.C. 629g(b)) is amended 
     by adding at the end the following:
       ``(5) Preventive services evaluation partnerships.--The 
     Secretary shall reserve $5,000,000 for grants under section 
     435(f) for each of fiscal years 2026 through 2029.''.

     SEC. 109. STRENGTHENING SUPPORT FOR YOUTH AGING OUT OF FOSTER 
                   CARE.

       (a) Caseworker Visits.--Section 422(b)(17) (42 U.S.C. 
     622(b)(17)) is amended by inserting ``, and include a 
     description of how the State may offer virtual caseworker 
     visits to youth in care who have attained the age of 18 years 
     and provided informed consent for virtual visits'' before the 
     semicolon.
       (b) Youth and Family Engagement in Child Welfare Program 
     Planning.--Section 432(b)(1) (42 U.S.C. 629b(b)(1)) is 
     amended to read as follows:
       ``(1) In general.--The Secretary shall approve a plan that 
     meets the requirements of subsection (a) only if--
       ``(A) the plan was developed jointly by the Secretary and 
     the State, and the State, in developing the plan, consulted 
     with--
       ``(i) appropriate public and nonprofit private agencies;
       ``(ii) community-based organizations involved in providing 
     services for children and families in the areas of family 
     preservation, family support, family reunification, foster 
     care, kinship, and adoption promotion and support;
       ``(iii) parents with child welfare experience, foster 
     parents, adoptive parents, and kinship caregivers; and
       ``(iv) children, youth, and young adults with experience in 
     the child welfare system, including State boards and councils 
     comprised of youth with lived experience who represent the 
     diversity of children in the State to whom the plan would 
     apply; and
       ``(B) the State has made publicly accessible on a website 
     of the State agency a report that outlines how the State has 
     implemented the suggestions of the children and youth 
     referred to in subparagraph (A)(iv).''.

     SEC. 110. RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF RELATIVE AND KINSHIP 
                   CAREGIVERS.

       (a) In General.--Section 431(a) (42 U.S.C. 629a(a)), as 
     amended by section 106(b)(2) of this Act, is amended--
       (1) in paragraph (1)--
       (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)--
       (i) by striking ``children'' and inserting ``children, 
     youth,''; and
       (ii) by striking ``adoptive and extended'' and inserting 
     ``kinship and adoptive'';
       (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ``parents and other 
     caregivers (including foster parents)'' and inserting 
     ``parents, kinship caregivers, and foster parents'';
       (C) by striking ``and'' at the end of subparagraph (E);
       (D) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (F) 
     and inserting `` ; and''; and
       (E) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(G)(i) peer-to-peer mentoring and support programs with 
     demonstrated experience fostering constructive relationships 
     between children and families and mentors with relevant lived 
     experience or interactions with the child welfare system; and
       ``(ii) for purposes of this subpart, an expenditure for a 
     service described in clause (i) may be treated as an 
     expenditure for any 1 or more of family support services, 
     family preservation services, family reunification services, 
     or adoption promotion and support services, as long as the 
     expenditure is related to serving the children and families 
     in the specified category and consistent with the overall 
     purpose of the category.'';
       (2) in paragraph (2)(B)--
       (A) in clause (i), by striking ``children'' and inserting 
     ``children, youth,''; and
       (B) in clause (ii), by striking ``extended'' and inserting 
     ``kinship'';
       (3) in paragraph (7)(A), by inserting ``with kinship 
     caregivers or'' before ``in a foster family home''; and
       (4) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(11) Youth.--The term `youth' means an individual who has 
     not attained 26 years of age.''.
       (b) Kinship Navigators.--
       (1) In general.--Section 427 (42 U.S.C. 627) is amended--
       (A) in the section heading, by striking ``family connection 
     grants'' and inserting ``kinship navigators'';
       (B) in subsection (a)--
       (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking 
     ``helping'' and inserting ``administering programs to help'';
       (ii) by striking ``of--'' and all that follows through ``a 
     kinship'' and inserting ``of a kinship'';
       (iii) in paragraph (1)(C)--

       (I) by striking ``and'' at the end of clause (iii);
       (II) by adding ``and'' at the end of clause (iv); and
       (III) by adding at the end the following:

       ``(v) connections to individualized assistance, as 
     needed;'';
       (iv) by striking paragraphs (2) through (4);
       (v) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (G) of 
     paragraph (1) as paragraphs (1) through (7), respectively;
       (vi) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iv) and clause 
     (v) (as added by clause (iii)(III) of this subparagraph) as 
     subparagraphs (A) through (E), respectively;
       (vii) by moving each provision so redesignated 2 ems to the 
     left; and
       (viii) by striking ``caregiving;'' and inserting 
     ``caregiving.'';
       (C) in subsection (b)--
       (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ``1 or more of'';

[[Page H5263]]

       (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs 
     (4) and (5), respectively, and inserting after paragraph (2) 
     the following:
       ``(3) a description of how the entity will directly fund, 
     or provide data to the Secretary for, an evaluation which 
     will publish and submit information to the clearinghouse 
     described in section 476(d)(2) and which is designed to meet 
     the requirements of section 471(e)(4)(C), or a description of 
     how the funds will be used to help the State transition to a 
     program for which the State will seek reimbursement under 
     section 474(a)(7);'';
       (iii) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated), by striking 
     ``and'' at the end;
       (iv) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated), by striking the 
     period and inserting ``; and''; and
       (v) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(6) if the entity is a State, local or tribal child 
     welfare agency--
       ``(A) documentation of support from a relevant community-
     based organization with experience serving kinship families 
     when applicable; or
       ``(B) a description of how the organization plans to 
     coordinate its services and activities with those offered by 
     the relevant community-based organizations.'';
       (D) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following:
       ``(d) Federal Share.--An entity to which a grant is made 
     under this section may use the grant to pay not more than 75 
     percent of the cost of the activities to be carried out by 
     the entity pursuant to this section.'';
       (E) in subsection (g)--
       (i) by striking all that precedes ``2 percent'' and 
     inserting the following:
       ``(g) Reservation of Funds for Technical Assistance.--The 
     Secretary may reserve''; and
       (ii) by striking ``subsection (h)'' the 2nd place it 
     appears and inserting ``section 437(b)(6)''; and
       (F) by striking subsection (h).
       (2) Reservation of discretionary funds.--Section 437(b) (42 
     U.S.C. 629g(b)), as amended by section 108(b) of this Act, is 
     amended by adding at the end the following:
       ``(6) Kinship navigators.--The Secretary shall reserve 
     $10,000,000 for grants under section 427 for each of fiscal 
     years 2026 through 2029.''.
       (3) Conforming amendment.--Section 474(a)(7) (42 U.S.C. 
     674(a)(7)) is amended by striking ``427(a)(1)'' and inserting 
     ``427(a)''.

     SEC. 111. AVOIDING NEGLECT BY ADDRESSING POVERTY.

       (a) Family Preservation Services.--Section 431(a)(1) (42 
     U.S.C. 629a(a)(1)), as amended by section 110(a)(1) of this 
     Act, is amended--
       (1) in subparagraph (F), by striking ``and'' after the 
     semicolon;
       (2) in subparagraph (G), by striking the period and 
     inserting ``; and''; and
       (3) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(H)(i) services providing nonrecurring short term 
     benefits (including supports related to housing instability, 
     utilities, transportation, and food assistance, among other 
     basic needs) that address immediate needs related to a 
     specific crisis, situation, or event affecting the ability of 
     a child to remain in a home established for the child that is 
     not intended to meet an ongoing need; and
       ``(ii) for purposes of this subpart, an expenditure for a 
     service described in clause (i) may be treated as an 
     expenditure for any 1 or more of family support services, 
     family preservation services, family reunification services, 
     or adoption promotion and support services as long as the 
     expenditure is related to serving the children and families 
     in the specified category and consistent with the overall 
     purpose of the category.''.
       (b) State Plan Requirements.--Section 432(a) (42 U.S.C. 
     629b(a)) is amended--
       (1) in paragraph (9), by striking ``and'' after the 
     semicolon;
       (2) in paragraph (10), by striking the period and inserting 
     ``; and''; and
       (3) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(11) provides a description of policies in place, 
     including training for employees, to address child welfare 
     reports and investigations of neglect concerning the living 
     arrangements or subsistence needs of a child with the goal to 
     prevent the separation of a child from a parent of the child 
     solely due to poverty, to ensure access to services described 
     in section 431(a)(1)(H).''.

     SEC. 112. STRENGTHENING SUPPORT FOR CASEWORKERS.

       (a) Reauthorization of, and Increase in Funding for, 
     Caseworker Visits.--Section 436(b)(4)(A) (42 U.S.C. 
     629f(b)(4)(A)) is amended by striking ``each of fiscal years 
     2017 through 2023'' and inserting ``fiscal year 2025 and 
     $26,000,000 for fiscal year 2026 and each succeeding fiscal 
     year''.
       (b) Minimum Grant Amount.--Section 433(e) (42 U.S.C. 
     629c(e)) is amended by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and 
     inserting the following:
       ``(1) Base allotment.--From the amount reserved pursuant to 
     section 436(b)(4)(A) for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall 
     first allot to each State (other than an Indian tribe) that 
     has provided to the Secretary such documentation as may be 
     necessary to verify that the jurisdiction has complied with 
     section 436(b)(4)(B)(ii) during the fiscal year, a base 
     allotment of $100,000, and shall then allot to each of those 
     States an amount determined in paragraph (2) or (3) of this 
     subsection, as applicable.
       ``(2) Territories.--From the amount reserved pursuant to 
     section 436(b)(4)(A) for any fiscal year that remains after 
     applying paragraph (1) of this subsection for the fiscal 
     year, the Secretary shall allot to each jurisdiction 
     specified in subsection (b) of this section to which a base 
     allotment is made under such paragraph (1) an amount 
     determined in the same manner as the allotment to each of 
     such jurisdictions is determined under section 423 (without 
     regard to the initial allotment of $70,000 to each State).
       ``(3) Other states.--From the amount reserved pursuant to 
     section 436(b)(4)(A) for any fiscal year that remains after 
     applying paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection for the 
     fiscal year, the Secretary shall allot to each State (other 
     than an Indian tribe) not specified in subsection (b) of this 
     section to which a base allotment was made under paragraph 
     (1) of this subsection an amount equal to such remaining 
     amount multiplied by the supplemental nutrition assistance 
     program benefits percentage of the State (as defined in 
     subsection (c)(2) of this section) for the fiscal year, 
     except that in applying subsection (c)(2)(A) of this section, 
     `subsection (e)(3)' shall be substituted for `such paragraph 
     (1)'.''.
       (c) Requirement to Use Funds to Improve Quality of 
     Caseworker Visits With Foster Children.--Section 
     436(b)(4)(B)(i) (42 U.S.C. 629f(b)(4)(B)(i)) is amended to 
     read as follows:
       ``(i) In general.--A State to which an amount is paid from 
     amounts reserved under subparagraph (A) shall use the amount 
     to improve the quality of monthly caseworker visits with 
     children who are in foster care under the responsibility of 
     the State, with an emphasis on--

       ``(I) reducing caseload ratios and the administrative 
     burden on caseworkers, to improve caseworker decision making 
     on the safety, permanency, and well-being of foster children 
     and on activities designed to increase retention, 
     recruitment, and training of caseworkers;
       ``(II) implementing technology solutions to streamline 
     caseworker duties and modernize systems, ensuring improved 
     efficiency and effectiveness in child welfare services;
       ``(III) improving caseworker safety;
       ``(IV) mental health resources to support caseworker well-
     being, including peer-to-peer support programs; and
       ``(V) recruitment campaigns aimed at attracting qualified 
     caseworker candidates.''.

       (d) Elimination of Cost-share Penalty Tied to Monthly 
     Caseworker Visit Standard.--Section 424(f) (42 U.S.C. 624(f)) 
     is amended--
       (1) by striking ``(1)(A)''; and
       (2) by striking paragraphs (1)(B) and (2).

     SEC. 113. DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS FOR IMPROVING RELATIONSHIPS 
                   BETWEEN INCARCERATED PARENTS AND CHILDREN IN 
                   FOSTER CARE.

       (a) In General.--Section 439 (42 U.S.C. 629i) is amended to 
     read as follows:

     ``SEC. 439. STATE PARTNERSHIP PLANNING AND DEMONSTRATION 
                   GRANTS TO SUPPORT MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIPS 
                   BETWEEN FOSTER CHILDREN AND THE INCARCERATED 
                   PARENTS OF THE CHILDREN.

       ``(a) Authority.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Secretary may make demonstration 
     grants to eligible State partnerships to develop, implement, 
     and provide support for programs that enable and sustain 
     meaningful relationships between covered foster children and 
     the incarcerated parents of the children.
       ``(2) Payment of annual installments.--The Secretary shall 
     pay each demonstration grant in 5 annual installments.
       ``(3) 1-year planning grants.--The Secretary may make a 
     planning grant to a recipient of a demonstration grant, to be 
     paid to the recipient 1 year before payment of the 1st annual 
     installment of the demonstration grant and in an amount not 
     greater than any installment of the demonstration grant, if--
       ``(A) the recipient includes a request for a planning grant 
     in the application under subsection (c); and
       ``(B) the Secretary determines that a planning grant would 
     assist the recipient and improve the effectiveness of the 
     demonstration grant.
       ``(b) Eligible State Partnership Defined.--
       ``(1) In general.--In this section, the term `eligible 
     State partnership' means an agreement entered into by, at a 
     minimum, the following:
       ``(A) The State child welfare agency responsible for the 
     administration of the State plans under this part.
       ``(B) The State agency responsible for adult corrections.
       ``(2) Additional partners.--For purposes of this section, 
     an eligible State partnership may include any entity with 
     experience in serving incarcerated parents and their 
     children.
       ``(3) Partnerships entered into by indian tribes or tribal 
     consortia.--Notwithstanding paragraph (1), if an Indian tribe 
     or tribal consortium enters into a partnership pursuant to 
     this section that does not consist solely of tribal child 
     welfare agencies (or a consortium of the agencies), the 
     partnership shall be considered an eligible State partnership 
     for purposes of this section.
       ``(c) Application Requirements.--An eligible State 
     partnership seeking a demonstration grant under this section 
     to carry out a program described in subsection (a)(1) shall 
     submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such 
     manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may 
     require. The application shall include the following:
       ``(1) A summary of the program, including how the program 
     will support a meaningful

[[Page H5264]]

     relationship between a covered foster child and an 
     incarcerated parent of the child.
       ``(2) A description of the activities to be carried out by 
     the program, which must include all of the activities 
     described in subsection (d) that are in the best interest of 
     the covered foster child.
       ``(3) A framework for identifying--
       ``(A) each covered foster child eligible for services under 
     the program, including, to the extent practicable, 
     coordination of data between relevant State child welfare 
     agencies and court systems; and
       ``(B) the roles and responsibilities of the entities in the 
     partnership.
       ``(4) Documentation that the applicant is an eligible State 
     partnership.
       ``(5) Assurances that the applicant will participate fully 
     in the evaluation described in subsection (f)(2) and shall 
     maintain records for the program, including demographic 
     information disaggregated by relevant characteristics with 
     respect to covered foster children and incarcerated parents 
     who participate in the program.
       ``(d) Program Activities.--To the extent that the 
     activities are in the best interest of the covered foster 
     child, the activities referred to in subsection (c)(2) shall 
     include the following:
       ``(1) Revision of policies.--Through consultation with 
     incarcerated parents and their families, grantees shall 
     promote organizational policies of participating child 
     welfare entities and collaborating correctional facilities to 
     promote meaningful relationships through regular and 
     developmentally appropriate communication and visitation 
     between covered foster children and the incarcerated parents, 
     including, when appropriate, the following:
       ``(A) For child welfare entities--
       ``(i) inclusion of parents in case planning and decision 
     making for children;
       ``(ii) regular sharing of information and responses to 
     requests for information between caseworkers and incarcerated 
     parents with respect to the case information of a child, any 
     changes to a case, permanency plans, requirements to maintain 
     parental rights, and any efforts to terminate parental 
     rights;
       ``(iii) appropriate opportunities for incarcerated parents 
     to demonstrate their relationship with a covered foster child 
     given their incarceration, including training and courses 
     required for a service plan; and
       ``(iv) the enhanced visitation described in paragraph (2).
       ``(B) For correctional facilities, fostering visitation and 
     communication that is developmentally appropriate in terms 
     of--
       ``(i) the nature of communication and visitation, 
     including--

       ``(I) the ability to physically touch parents;
       ``(II) engaging with parents in locations that are 
     appropriate for the age and development of the child;
       ``(III) exchanging items that are appropriate to the age 
     and development of the child, include expectations that are 
     appropriate for the age and development of the child related 
     to behavior, attire, and wait times; and
       ``(IV) allowing appropriate adults to bring children if 
     legal guardians are not available to promote regular contact;

       ``(ii) reasonable inclusion of all children of the parent;
       ``(iii) communication and visitation at times when the 
     children are available;
       ``(iv) security procedures to comfort children and be 
     minimally invasive; and
       ``(v) promoting parent-child relationships regardless of 
     the sentence imposed on the parent.
       ``(2) Enhanced visitation.--
       ``(A) Grantees shall facilitate weekly communication and, 
     for at least 9 days each year, in-person visitation between a 
     covered foster child and any incarcerated parent of the 
     child.
       ``(B) Electronic visitation (such as live video visits, 
     phone calls, and recorded books) may be used but shall not be 
     the sole method to promote a meaningful relationship for 
     purposes of the grant.
       ``(C) Enhanced visitation programs shall--
       ``(i) integrate best practices for visitation programs with 
     incarcerated parents and their children;
       ``(ii) adopt developmentally appropriate visitation 
     policies and procedures such as those described in paragraph 
     (1)(B);
       ``(iii) reduce or eliminate the cost of developmentally 
     appropriate communication and visitation for the covered 
     foster child, which may include the purchase of communication 
     technology, covering transportation, insurance, and lodging 
     costs, costs related to providing appropriate visitation 
     spaces and activities, and other relevant costs;
       ``(iv) to the extent practicable, integrate appropriate 
     parenting education to help prepare and process visits; and
       ``(v) avoid restricting visitation and communication as a 
     punishment for the incarcerated parents.
       ``(3) Training.--Grantees shall incorporate ongoing 
     training for child welfare workers, correctional facility 
     staff, and other program providers to understand the 
     importance of promoting meaningful relationships between 
     children and incarcerated parents.
       ``(4) Case management.--Grantees shall provide case 
     management services for the incarcerated parents of a covered 
     foster child to promote the relationship, access to services, 
     and coordination with the caseworkers of the covered foster 
     child to strengthen the relationship.
       ``(5) Legal assistance.--Grantees shall facilitate access 
     to necessary legal services and may use grant funds for 
     services that are not reimbursable under other Federal 
     programs.
       ``(e) Federal Share.--The Federal share of the cost of any 
     activity carried out using a grant made under this section 
     shall be not greater than 75 percent.
       ``(f) Technical Assistance, Evaluations, and Reports.--
       ``(1) Technical assistance.--The Secretary shall provide 
     technical assistance with respect to grants under this 
     section, including by--
       ``(A) assisting grantees in understanding best practices in 
     promoting meaningful relationships between incarcerated 
     parents and their children as well as consulting with 
     appropriate stakeholders when developing their programs;
       ``(B) assisting grantees with establishing and analyzing 
     implementation and performance indicators; and
       ``(C) conducting an annual technical assistance and 
     training meeting and an annual grantee meeting so that 
     grantees can learn from the experiences of other grantees.
       ``(2) Evaluations.--The Secretary shall conduct an 
     evaluation of program outcomes, including with respect to 
     parent and child well-being, parent-child interactions, 
     parental involvement, awareness of child development and 
     parenting practices, placement stability, and termination of 
     parental rights with respect to covered foster children and 
     incarcerated parents, to measure program effectiveness, as 
     determined by the Secretary, and identify opportunities for 
     improved program practices and implementation.
       ``(3) Reports to the congress.--
       ``(A) Initial report.--Not later than 3 years after the 
     date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall 
     submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of 
     Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a 
     report that includes--
       ``(i) the number of applications for grants under this 
     section;
       ``(ii) the number of grants awarded, and the amounts for 
     each grant; and
       ``(iii) information on the grants, including--

       ``(I) interim results of the evaluation described in 
     paragraph (2);
       ``(II) disaggregated data on covered foster children and 
     incarcerated parents;
       ``(III) information on the composition of eligible State 
     partnerships;
       ``(IV) best practices for facilitating meaningful 
     relationships between covered foster children and 
     incarcerated parents; and
       ``(V) barriers to implementation or expansion of programs 
     funded under this section.

       ``(B) Final report.--Not later than 6 years after the date 
     of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit 
     to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of 
     Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a 
     report that includes--
       ``(i) the final results of the evaluation described in 
     paragraph (2); and
       ``(ii) recommendations for refinements to grant 
     requirements to improve program outcomes.
       ``(g) Authority of Secretary With Respect to Indian Tribes 
     and Tribal Organizations.--
       ``(1) Waiver or modification of requirements.--In making a 
     grant to an Indian tribe or tribal organization under this 
     section, the Secretary may waive the matching requirement of 
     subsection (e) or modify an application requirement imposed 
     by or under subsection (c) if the Secretary determines that 
     the waiver or modification is appropriate to the needs, 
     culture, and circumstances of the Indian tribe or tribal 
     organization.
       ``(2) Evaluation.--The Secretary shall use tribally 
     relevant data in carrying out the evaluation under subsection 
     (f)(2) with respect to an Indian tribe or tribal 
     organization.
       ``(h) Limitations on Authorization of Appropriations.--
     There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary not 
     more than $35,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2026 through 
     2029 to carry out this section.
       ``(i) Definition of Covered Foster Child.--In this section, 
     the term `covered foster child' means a child that--
       ``(1) is in foster care; and
       ``(2) has at least 1 parent incarcerated in a Federal, 
     State, or local correctional facility.''.
       (b) Conforming Amendments.--
       (1) Section 431(a)(2)(B)(vii) (42 U.S.C. 
     629a(a)(2)(B)(vii)) is amended by striking ``(as defined in 
     section 439(b)(2))''.
       (2) Section 431(a) (42 U.S.C. 629a(a)), as amended by 
     sections 106(b)(2) and 110(a)(4) of this Act, is amended by 
     adding at the end the following:
       ``(12) Mentoring.--The term `mentoring' means a structured, 
     managed program in which children are appropriately matched 
     with screened and trained adult volunteers for one on-one 
     relationships, involving meetings and activities on a regular 
     basis, intended to meet, in part, the child's need for 
     involvement with a caring and supportive adult who provides a 
     positive role model.''.

     SEC. 114. GUIDANCE TO STATES ON IMPROVING DATA COLLECTION AND 
                   REPORTING FOR YOUTH IN RESIDENTIAL TREATMENT 
                   PROGRAMS.

       Within 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
     the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation 
     with the Department of Education, the Administration for 
     Children and Families, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid 
     Services, the

[[Page H5265]]

     Administration for Community Living, the Department of 
     Justice, and other relevant policy experts, as determined by 
     the Secretary, shall issue and disseminate, or update and 
     revise, as applicable, guidance to State agencies in 
     administering State plans approved under parts B and E of 
     title IV of the Social Security Act on the following:
       (1) Best practices for Federal and State agencies to 
     collect data and share information related to the well-being 
     of youth residing in residential treatment facilities, 
     including those facilities operating in multiple States or 
     serving out-of-state youth.
       (2) Best practices on improving State collection and 
     sharing of data related to incidences of maltreatment of 
     youth residing in residential treatment facilities, including 
     with respect to meeting the requirement of section 
     471(a)(9)(A) of such Act for such youth in foster care.
       (3) Best practices on improving oversight of youth 
     residential programs receiving Federal funding, and research-
     based strategies for risk assessment related to the health, 
     safety, and well-being of youth in the facilities.

     SEC. 115. STREAMLINING RESEARCH, TRAINING, AND TECHNICAL 
                   ASSISTANCE FUNDING.

       (a) Repurposing Discretionary Research Set-aside.--Section 
     435(c) (42 U.S.C. 629e(c)) is amended to read as follows:
       ``(c) Evaluation, Research, and Technical Assistance With 
     Respect to Targeted Program Resources.--Of the amount 
     reserved under section 437(b)(1) for a fiscal year, the 
     Secretary shall use not less than--
       ``(1) $1,000,000 for technical assistance to grantees under 
     section 437(f) and to support design of local site 
     evaluations with the goal of publishing and submitting 
     evaluation findings to the clearinghouse established under 
     section 476(d), or to award grants to allow current or former 
     grantees under section 437(f) to analyze, publish, and submit 
     to the clearinghouse data collected during past grants; and
       ``(2) $1,000,000 for technical assistance required under 
     section 429B of this Act to support effective implementation 
     of the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 and to support 
     development of associated State plan measures described 
     pursuant to section 422(b)(9) of this Act.''.
       (b) Elimination of Research Set-aside From Mandatory 
     Funds.--
       (1) In general.--Section 436(b) (42 U.S.C. 629f(b)), as 
     amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended 
     by striking paragraph (1) and redesignating paragraphs (2) 
     through (5) as paragraphs (1) through (4), respectively.
       (2) Conforming amendments.--
       (A) Section 433(a) (42 U.S.C. 629c(a)) is amended by 
     striking ``436(b)(3)'' and inserting ``436(b)(2)''.
       (B) Section 433(e) (42 U.S.C. 629c(e)), as amended by 
     section 112(b) of this Act, is amended by striking 
     ``436(b)(4)(A)'' and inserting ``436(b)(3)(A)'' each place it 
     appears.
       (C) Section 434(a)(2)(A) (42 U.S.C. 629d(a)(2)(A)) is 
     amended by striking ``436(b)(4)(B)'' and inserting 
     ``436(b)(3)(B)''.
       (D) Section 437(b)(1) (42 U.S.C. 629g(b)(1)) is amended by 
     striking ``436(b)(1)'' and inserting ``435''.
       (E) Section 437(f)(3) (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)(3)) is amended by 
     striking ``436(b)(5)'' and inserting ``436(b)(4)''.
       (F) Section 438(c) (42 U.S.C. 629g(c)) is amended in each 
     of paragraphs (1) through (3) is amended by striking 
     ``436(b)(2)'' and inserting ``436(b)(1)''.

     SEC. 116. REPORT ON POST ADOPTION AND SUBSIDIZED GUARDIANSHIP 
                   SERVICES.

       (a) In General.--Within 2 years after the date of the 
     enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human 
     Services shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Ways 
     and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee 
     on Finance of the Senate a report on children who enter into 
     foster care under the supervision of a State administering a 
     plan approved under part B or E of title IV of the Social 
     Security Act after finalization of an adoption or legal 
     guardianship.
       (b) Information.--The Secretary shall include in the report 
     information, to the extent available through the Adoption and 
     Foster Care Analysis and Reporting System and other data 
     sources, regarding the incidence of adoption disruption and 
     dissolution affecting children described in subsection (a) 
     and factors associated with such circumstances, including--
       (1) whether affected individuals received pre- or post-
     legal adoption services; and
       (2) other relevant information, such as the age of the 
     child involved.
       (c) Post-adoption Services and Guardianship.--The Secretary 
     shall include in the report--
       (1) a summary of post-adoption services and guardianship in 
     each State that are available to families that adopted 
     children from foster care and the extent to which the 
     services are evidence-based or evidence-informed.
       (2) a summary of funding and funding sources for the 
     services in each State, including set-asides under the 
     Promoting Safe and Stable Families program.

     SEC. 117. EFFECTIVE DATE.

       (a) In General.--The amendments made by this title shall 
     take effect on October 1, 2025, and shall apply to payments 
     under part B of title IV of the Social Security Act for 
     calendar quarters beginning on or after such date.
       (b) Delay Permitted if State Legislation Required.--If the 
     Secretary of Health and Human Services determines that State 
     legislation (other than legislation appropriating funds) is 
     required in order for a State plan developed pursuant to part 
     B of title IV of the Social Security Act to meet the 
     additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by 
     this title, the plan shall not be regarded as failing to meet 
     any of the additional requirements before the 1st day of the 
     1st calendar quarter beginning after the first regular 
     session of the State legislature that begins after the date 
     of the enactment of this Act. For purposes of the preceding 
     sentence, if the State has a 2-year legislative session, each 
     year of the session is deemed to be a separate regular 
     session of the State legislature.
       (c) Application to Programs Operated by Indian Tribal 
     Organizations.--In the case of an Indian tribe, tribal 
     organization, or tribal consortium that the Secretary of 
     Health and Human Services determines requires time to take 
     action necessary to comply with the additional requirements 
     imposed by the amendments made by this Act (whether the 
     tribe, organization, or tribal consortium has a plan under 
     section 479B of the Social Security Act or a cooperative 
     agreement or contract entered into with a State), the 
     Secretary shall provide the tribe, organization, or tribal 
     consortium with such additional time as the Secretary 
     determines is necessary for the tribe, organization, or 
     tribal consortium to take the action to comply with the 
     additional requirements before being regarded as failing to 
     comply with the requirements.

         TITLE II--STRENGTHENING STATE AND TRIBAL CHILD SUPPORT

     SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE.

       This title may be cited as the ``Strengthening State and 
     Tribal Child Support Enforcement Act''.

     SEC. 202. IMPROVING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF TRIBAL CHILD SUPPORT 
                   ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES.

       (a) Improving the Collection of Past-due Child Support 
     Through State and Tribal Parity in the Allowable Use of Tax 
     Information.--
       (1) Amendment to the social security act.--Section 464 of 
     the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 664) is amended by adding 
     at the end the following:
       ``(d) Applicability to Indian Tribes and Tribal 
     Organizations Receiving a Grant Under This Part.--This 
     section, except for the requirement to distribute amounts in 
     accordance with section 457, shall apply to an Indian tribe 
     or tribal organization receiving a grant under section 455(f) 
     in the same manner in which this section applies to a State 
     with a plan approved under this part.''.
       (2) Amendments to the internal revenue code.--
       (A) Section 6103(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
     is amended by striking ``any local child support enforcement 
     agency'' and inserting ``any tribal or local child support 
     enforcement agency''.
       (B) Section 6103(a)(3) of such Code is amended by inserting 
     ``, (8)'' after ``(6)''.
       (C) Section 6103(l) of such Code is amended--
       (i) in paragraph (6)--

       (I) by striking ``or local'' in subparagraph (A) and 
     inserting ``tribal, or local'';
       (II) by striking ``and local'' in the heading thereof and 
     inserting ``tribal, and local'';
       (III) by striking ``The following'' in subparagraph (B) and 
     inserting ``The'';
       (IV) by striking the colon and all that follows in 
     subparagraph (B) and inserting a period; and
       (V) by adding at the end the following:

       ``(D) State, tribal, or local child support enforcement 
     agency.--For purposes of this paragraph, the following shall 
     be treated as a State, tribal, or local child support 
     enforcement agency:
       ``(i) Any agency of a State or political subdivision 
     thereof operating pursuant to a plan described in section 454 
     of the Social Security Act which has been approved by the 
     Secretary of Health and Human Services under part D of title 
     IV of such Act.
       ``(ii) Any child support enforcement agency of an Indian 
     tribe or tribal organization receiving a grant under section 
     455(f) of the Social Security Act.'';
       (ii) in paragraph (8)--

       (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``or State or local'' 
     and inserting ``, State, tribal, or local'';
       (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``enforced pursuant 
     to a plan described'' and all that follows through ``of such 
     Act'' and inserting ``enforced pursuant to the provisions of 
     part D of title IV of the Social Security Act'';
       (III) by adding at the end of subparagraph (B) the 
     following: ``The information disclosed to any child support 
     enforcement agency under subparagraph (A) with respect to any 
     individual with respect to whom child support obligations are 
     sought to be established or enforced may be disclosed by such 
     agency to any agent of such agency which is under contract 
     with such agency for purposes of, and to the extent necessary 
     in, establishing and collecting child support obligations 
     from, and locating, individuals owing such obligations.'';
       (IV) by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting the 
     following:

       ``(C) State, tribal, or local child support enforcement 
     agency.--For purposes of this paragraph, the term `State, 
     tribal, or local child support enforcement agency' has the 
     same meaning as when used in paragraph (6)(D).''; and

[[Page H5266]]

       (V) by striking ``and local'' in the heading thereof and 
     inserting ``tribal, and local''; and

       (iii) in paragraph (10)(B), by adding at the end the 
     following new clause:
       ``(iii) The information disclosed to any child support 
     enforcement agency under subparagraph (A) with respect to any 
     individual with respect to whom child support obligations are 
     sought to be established or enforced may be disclosed by such 
     agency to any agent of such agency which is under contract 
     with such agency for purposes of, and to the extent necessary 
     in, establishing and collecting child support obligations 
     from, and locating, individuals owing such obligations.''.
       (D) Section 6103(p)(4) of such Code is amended--
       (i) by striking ``subsection (l)(10), (13)(A), (13)(B), 
     (13)(C), (13)(D)(i), (16), (18), (19), or (20), or any 
     entity'' in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) and 
     inserting ``subsection (l)(6), (8), (10), (13)(A), (13)(B), 
     (13)(C), (13)(D)(i), (16), (18), (19), or (20), or any Indian 
     tribe or tribal organization receiving a grant under section 
     455(f) of the Social Security Act, or any entity'';
       (ii) by striking ``subsection (l)(10)'' in subparagraph 
     (F)(i) and inserting ``subsection (l)(6), (8), (10)'';
       (iii) by striking ``subsection (l)(10), (13)(A), (13)(B), 
     (13)(C), (13)(D)(i), (16), (18), (19), or (20) or any 
     entity'' each place it appears in the matter following 
     subparagraph (F)(iii) and inserting ``subsection (l)(6), (8), 
     (10), (13)(A), (13)(B), (13)(C), (13)(D)(i), (16), (18), 
     (19), or (20), or any Indian tribe or tribal organization 
     receiving a grant under section 455(f) of the Social Security 
     Act, or any entity''; and
       (iv) by inserting ``, (8)'' after ``paragraph (6)(A)'' in 
     the matter following subparagraph (F)(iii).
       (E) Section 6103(p)(9) of such Code is amended by striking 
     ``or local'' and inserting ``tribal, or local''.
       (F) Section 6402(c) of such Code is amended by adding at 
     the end the following: ``For purposes of this subsection, any 
     reference to a State shall include a reference to any Indian 
     tribe or tribal organization receiving a grant under section 
     455(f) of the Social Security Act.''.
       (b) Reimbursement for Reports.--Section 453(g) of the 
     Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 653(g)) is amended--
       (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ``State''; and
       (2) by striking ``and State'' and inserting ``, State, and 
     tribal''.
       (c) Technical Amendments.--Paragraphs (7) and (33) of 
     section 454 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 654) are 
     each amended by striking ``450b'' and inserting ``5304''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Missouri (Mr. Smith) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Davis) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri.


                             General Leave

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all 
Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and 
submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Missouri?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, title IV-B of the Social Security Act provides critical 
resources to protect the safety and well-being of children in foster 
care and gives States, Tribes, and territories flexibility to invest in 
prevention services to keep vulnerable families together whenever 
possible.
  Unfortunately, this program's authorization expired in 2021, and the 
program has remained largely unchanged since 2008. We have a 
responsibility to make sure programs are meeting the current needs of 
families and children who need it most. This reauthorization modernizes 
title IV-B child welfare and increases accountability.
  Right now, there are nearly 400,000 children in foster care and over 
20,000 who age out of foster care each year.
  The Ways and Means Committee has worked over the last year to conduct 
a top-to-bottom review of America's child welfare system. We have held 
four hearings and numerous meetings with stakeholders to better 
understand where there are gaps and how to bring this program up to 
date to better serve America's children.
  I represent one of the poorest congressional districts in the 
country, and before I came to Congress, I practiced family law and saw 
firsthand how our child welfare system can put undue strain on 
families.
  That is why I particularly appreciate the opportunity to have worked 
with Representative Gwen Moore in introducing legislation, included in 
this bill, that prevents child services from taking children away from 
their families simply because they live in poverty. I think about the 
families separated in Missouri over the years not because of abuse or 
neglect, but because they could not afford to pay a bill or new clothes 
for their kids. It is not right, and this bill corrects that.
  The bipartisan legislation before us today is the result of those 
efforts. It will not only help address the needs of children in foster 
care but also support early intervention to help families stay 
together. The Protecting America's Children by Strengthening Families 
Act, introduced by the chair and ranking member of our Work and Welfare 
Subcommittee, Darin LaHood and   Danny Davis, reauthorizes title IV-B 
for 5 years and makes significant reforms to modernize the program.
  Specifically, this bill reduces the administrative burden by dialing 
back paperwork and reporting requirements that are hamstringing 
caseworkers.
  It streamlines funding to improve access for Indian Tribes.
  It helps to prevent abuse and neglect and ensures that children are 
not separated from their parents solely on the basis of poverty.
  It addresses the caseworker crisis by improving access to training.
  It strengthens the support systems for the 2.5 million grandparents 
and relatives who provide kinship care to children who might otherwise 
enter foster care.
  It also improves outcomes for youth transitioning from foster care 
into adulthood.
  This bill also includes important legislation from Representative 
Hern of Oklahoma that would strengthen the tools available to States 
and Tribes to ensure millions of families receive the child support 
that they are owed. That bill would prevent the IRS from blocking State 
child support agencies from using contractors to administrator their 
child support enforcement program.
  Representative Hern's bill, the Strengthening State and Tribal Child 
Support Enforcement Act, will harmonize Federal laws so States can 
continue carrying out necessary child support payment collections and 
allow Tribal child support agencies to direct access to the same tools. 
This bill avoids additional significant costs that would be incurred by 
both States and Tribes should the IRS policy go into place as it is 
scheduled to do on October 1.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this critical 
legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Supporting America's Children 
and Families Act which now includes two bipartisan bills reported out 
of the Ways and Means Committee. The first bill would improve and 
invest in the child welfare services funded under title IV-B of the 
Social Security Act. The second bill would ensure that State and Tribal 
child support agencies can continue their work collecting child support 
obligations.
  I thank Chairman LaHood and Chairman Smith for their hard work and 
willingness to work with all of us to reauthorize and improve title IV-
B of the Social Security Act. I am delighted that today we advance this 
important bipartisan step forward for our most vulnerable children and 
families.
  This bill would increase guaranteed funding for the MaryLee Allen 
Promoting Safe and Stable Families Program for the first time since 
2006, providing meaningful new resources to make sure that all children 
are in safe, loving, and permanent homes.
  The bill includes good ideas from Members on both sides of the aisle 
and from the experts who work with us to prioritize child well-being in 
our work. Indeed, 228 national, State, and local organizations support 
this bill.
  The bill provides modest but critical funding for services all along 
the child welfare continuum. In addition to providing essential new 
funding for both State and Tribal child welfare agencies to support 
families, this bill includes numerous, significant investments and 
policy updates that improve child safety and well-being.

  For example, it invests in aiding kinship caregivers in finding 
needed resources and in evidence-based programs that successfully help 
parents

[[Page H5267]]

overcome substance abuse disorders to safely care for their children.
  It increases funding for Tribal child welfare programs while 
respecting Tribal sovereignty and monitoring State engagement with the 
Indian Child Welfare Act. It updates our policies to help ensure that 
parents and children have access to independent legal representation in 
child welfare court proceedings, a key factor to address racial 
disparities in child welfare.
  This bill also provides for a new demonstration project to promote 
meaningful relationships between foster youth and their incarcerated 
parents. I have personally witnessed the power of these relationships 
to change lives for both children and parents, and I thank Chairman 
LaHood and my colleagues for working with me to help these families.
  In addition, the bill amends section 6103 of the Internal Revenue 
Code to bring parity to Tribal and State child support services 
agencies and to ensure that State agencies can continue their work.
  I recognize the leadership of Representatives Gwen Moore, Suzan 
DelBene, and Kevin Hern on these provisions. I know that agencies 
across the country and in my home State of Illinois are eager for us to 
enact this provision quickly to resolve a longstanding discrepancy in 
interpretation about the use and definition of contractors assisting 
child support agencies. The bill strengthens the ability of State, 
Tribal, and local child support agencies to serve families.
  Both the substance of this bill and the true collaboration in both 
policy areas, child welfare and child support, represent a great step 
forward.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support its passage, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.

                              {time}  1600

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may 
consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood), the chairman of 
the Subcommittee on Work and Welfare.
  Mr. LaHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. 
Smith) for his leadership and guidance in bringing this bill through 
the Committee on Ways and Means and to the floor here today.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill, Supporting 
America's Children and Families Act. As chairman of the House Ways and 
Means Subcommittee on Work and Welfare, I am proud that this important 
legislation demonstrates our bipartisan commitment to supporting 
vulnerable children and parents.
  H.R. 9076 includes two pieces of legislation. Title I contains the 
Protecting America's Children by Strengthening Families Act, which I am 
proud to have introduced alongside the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
Davis), my fellow Illinoisan, ranking member, and friend, to 
reauthorize and improve the title IV-B program. The bill authorizes and 
reforms this critical child welfare program to support the safety and 
well-being of children in foster care.
  The second bill, introduced by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. 
Hern), my friend, will ensure States and Tribes have the tools 
necessary to continue to collect child support on behalf of millions of 
families across the country.
  This combined legislation is the result of a yearlong investigation 
and five committee hearings to learn from stakeholders, parents, 
States, and Tribes.
  Based on that work, we have been able to include bipartisan reforms 
that will improve child welfare and strengthen child support 
enforcement across the country, all with the net result of a reduction 
in direct Federal spending of $136 million over 10 years.
  I repeat: a reduction in direct Federal spending of $136 million over 
10 years.
  I take seriously the Subcommittee on Work and Welfare's 
responsibility to ensure we have a strong safety net for the nearly 
400,000 children in foster care who have experienced the trauma and 
hardships of abuse and neglect. This 5-year reauthorization modernizes 
the program and expands what we know is working.
  In government, we often add to programs over time in our quest for 
improvement. Regrettably, though, this approach often results in 
fragmented and complex systems that burden administrators and hinder 
families from receiving the support they desperately need.
  This legislation before us tackles that issue and represents the most 
significant reform and investment in child welfare since 1993. Bills 
which were the foundation of what we are voting on here today were 
introduced by 19 Members from both sides of the aisle.
  This bill will specifically save taxpayer dollars through early 
intervention to keep families together, whenever possible, and reduce 
the need for foster care. It removes ineffective requirements and 
ensures States are accountable for matching Federal funds. It frees up 
more time for States and caseworkers to focus on families by requiring 
HHS to reduce administrative burdens by 15 percent. It expands access 
for Tribal communities by streamlining funding. It builds support 
systems for the 2.5 million grandparents and relatives serving as 
kinship caregivers, and strengthens post-adoption services to ensure 
children waiting for adoption find stable, loving homes.
  This child welfare reauthorization has been endorsed by more than 200 
organizations, including our county, State, and Tribal partners, as 
well as organizations representing former foster youth with lived 
experience.
  Title II of the legislation before us includes the Strengthening 
State and Tribal Child Support Enforcement Act, which I am proud to 
have cosponsored with the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Hern), the 
gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Schweikert), the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. Smucker), the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. 
DelBene), and the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. Moore).
  A key tool used to collect past-due child support is the Treasury 
Offset Program. This program allows States to collect past-due 
obligations by intercepting Federal tax refunds from noncustodial 
parents.
  Last year, 5 percent, or $1.5 billion, was collected for families 
through this program. Unfortunately, a statutory conflict threatens to 
cut off access to this important child support enforcement tool for 42 
States.
  Absent a legislative change by October 1 of 2024, States and the 
Federal Government face hundreds of millions in new costs, and millions 
of families could lose vital child support payments.
  The legislation before us today will formally authorize State use of 
contractors while maintaining protections on the privacy of Federal 
taxpayer information.
  Further, this bill authorizes Tribal access, providing much-needed 
parity for Tribal enforcement agencies.
  I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Hern) for his leadership on 
this bill. This legislation has garnered endorsements from State and 
Tribal organizations across the country, including 26 sitting 
Governors.
  The well-being and safety of America's children and struggling 
families is an area of common interest for both Republicans and 
Democrats. This legislation demonstrates what we can achieve when we 
work together. I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Davis) for his 
continued partnership and leadership on these issues.
  Mr. Speaker, in closing, I acknowledge all of the members of the 
Subcommittee on Work and Welfare and the full Committee on Ways and 
Means for their valuable contribution and input on this important 
legislation.
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
from Connecticut (Mr. Larson), the ranking member of the Subcommittee 
on Social Security.
  Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. Davis) for yielding me time, and I congratulate the 
gentleman on this outstanding piece of legislation.

  In my youth, I had the opportunity as then-president of the senate in 
the State of Connecticut to work with Dr. Edward Zigler, commonly 
referred to as the ``father of Head Start'' and really the person who 
came up with the concept and idea of family resource centers.
  He looked out around the country and saw schoolhouses, and he saw 
them in communities where everybody attended and worked and said: 
Wouldn't that be a great idea?

[[Page H5268]]

  What he understood most, of course, is that childcare is family care. 
That is something that the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Davis) has 
exemplified in my time with him on the Ways and Means Committee, and I 
am proud to be associated with the gentleman, this bill, and the work 
and effort of Dr. Edward Zigler of Yale University.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may 
consume to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Hern).
  Mr. HERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in favor of H.R. 9076. I am very pleased 
that this legislation is coming to the House floor today.
  The Supporting America's Children and Families Act includes two 
pieces of legislation that are important, not just to me, but to my 
home State of Oklahoma.
  The first is the Strengthening State and Tribal Child Support 
Enforcement Act. This policy finally allows Tribes who run their own 
child support enforcement programs to access Treasury offset programs. 
There are 38 federally recognized Tribes in my home State of Oklahoma, 
10 of which run their own child support enforcement agencies.
  I would highlight this policy has the support of the National Tribal 
Child Support Association and the National Association of Tribal Child 
Support Directors.
  Not only does this policy help Tribes efficiently run their child 
support enforcement programs, but States will be allowed to continue to 
use the third-party contractors to help run their child support 
enforcement programs. Child support enforcement is not a partisan 
issue. It is the right thing for Congress to do. Without this fix, we 
risk States having to bring all child support enforcement services in-
house, costing hundreds of millions of dollars, along with the 
immediate pause of child support programs to millions of families, an 
absolutely devastating outcome. We cannot let this happen to our 
families.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this piece of 
legislation to help the children that are growing up to be this 
country's next generation because it truly is about the children.
  This legislation also includes the Tribal Welfare Support Act, which 
allows child welfare funds from title IV-B to be paid directly to 
Tribes, reducing the regulatory burden for both States and Tribes.
  Right now, child welfare payments are made to Tribes through two 
different funding allocations, one of which goes through States rather 
than directly to Tribal guarantees, an outdated and fragmented system 
that needs to be updated.
  The Tribal Child Welfare Support Act modernizes this process so that 
title IV-B recipients can spend more time helping their children and 
families, and less time wading through the red tape.
  The Supporting America's Children and Families Act passed unanimously 
out of the Committee on Ways and Means and contains priorities that 
will help families and children all over this country.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle 
to support this piece of legislation today.
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. Moore), one of the most serious 
antipoverty advocates that I know.
  Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for 
yielding me time.
  Mr. Speaker, I associate myself with all of the comments that have 
been made today in describing the importance of these bills and getting 
us one step closer to a really healthy, robust title IV-B 
reauthorization and putting that into law.
  I especially thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Davis), the 
ranking member of the Subcommittee on Work and Welfare, and the 
gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith), the chairman of the Subcommittee 
on Work and Welfare, for bringing us here today.
  As the chairwoman of the bipartisan Congressional Caucus on Foster 
Youth, I am so grateful that so many of our priorities of the 
bipartisan caucus were addressed in this package, including ensuring 
that poverty is not synonymous with neglect; including enhancing peer-
to-peer mentoring; listening to the voices of those with experience in 
the welfare system; supporting youth as they transition out of foster 
care; giving a larger, broader platform to considering kinship 
caregiving as opposed to removing children from homes; improving our 
child support collection mechanisms; and strengthening the Indian Child 
Welfare Act.
  This package includes a much-needed, albeit small, increase in title 
IV-B dollars. Whatever way it is sliced, we can't make the system 
better or work the way we want without making investments.
  One of my main priorities in Congress has been to make sure that 
poverty is not synonymous with neglect, and I was so very proud to work 
with the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith) during the reauthorization 
effort to include this provision in the bill before us.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Valadao). The time of the gentlewoman 
has expired.
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes 
to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin.
  Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for 
yielding me additional time.
  Mr. Speaker, I was proud to work with the gentleman to require that 
States receiving these Federal dollars to identify and implement 
policies that would prevent family separation solely based on poverty.

  I am so proud to have worked on the provision to make sure that those 
with lived experience in the foster youth system are included in the 
development of State plans.
  It is also critically important that we are passing the part of this 
legislation, the Strengthening State and Tribal Support Act, that piece 
of the legislation championed by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. 
Hern). I have joined him in cosponsoring this bill to improve a key 
mechanism for enforcing child support orders, and that is intercepting 
State tax refunds.
  Mr. Speaker, child support payments are vital to child well-being and 
development, and they help fight child poverty and keeping both parents 
engaged in supporting their child.
  Tribes are currently unable to directly request that tax refunds be 
garnished for child support, and States have problems, as well, with 
these hindrances. This is also a direct affront to Tribal sovereignty 
not to be able to provide these services directly. I am so glad that 
these provisions have been included.
  Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record a letter from those 27 
Governors, including Wisconsin's own Tony Evers, in support of the 
provisions which they argue will support the ability of State, Tribal, 
and local child support agencies to adequately service families.

     Hon. Charles E. Schumer,
     Majority Leader, U.S. Senate,
     Washington, DC.
     Hon. Mitch McConnell,
     Minority Leader, U.S. Senate,
     Washington, DC.
     Hon. Mike Johnson,
     Speaker, House of Representatives,
     Washington, DC.
     Hon. Hakeem Jeffries
     Minority Leader, House of Representatives,
     Washington, DC.
       Dear Majority Leader Schumer, Minority Leader McConnell, 
     Speaker Johnson, and Minority Leader Jeffries: As governors 
     from across the nation, we urge you to pass the bipartisan 
     Strengthening State and Tribal Child Support Act (H.R. 7906), 
     which will help support the ability of state, Tribal, and 
     local child support agencies to serve families in each of our 
     states.
       Maintaining states' and Tribes' ability to perform child 
     support enforcement via federal tax offset is vital to 
     ensuring the well-being of over 12 million children currently 
     receiving the services of the child support program. It is 
     critical that states and Tribes do not lose the ability to 
     perform this essential action.


                               Background

       Federal law requires child support agencies to access 
     federal tax information (FTI) for establishment and 
     enforcement purposes, including the federal tax refund offset 
     program. Child support agencies across the country contract 
     with private partners for this and a variety of critical 
     services, including management of state disbursement units, 
     which are responsible for disbursement of all child support 
     funds collected in a state, as well as technology services 
     related to the maintenance and development of child support 
     case management systems.
       The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has determined that 
     direct access to FTI by Tribal child support programs is 
     prohibited under current law and that contractor access to 
     FTI is limited. Until last year, IRS audits of

[[Page H5269]]

     child support programs held those federal tax information 
     findings in abeyance while waiting for a legislative 
     solution.
       The IRS and the federal Office of Child Support Services 
     (OCSS) had agreed for decades to allow contractor access to 
     FTI for the sole purpose of establishing and enforcing child 
     support obligations as long as contractors adhered to 
     stringent measures to ensure that confidential information 
     remained protected. Importantly, contractors have never 
     breached the extensive confidentiality requirements. A 
     legislative solution to this issue is long overdue.


                          Legislative Solution

       Introduced by Representative Kevin Hern (R-Oklahoma) and 
     lead cosponsors Representatives Gwen Moore (D-Wisconsin) and 
     Suzan DelBene (D-Washington), H.R. 7906 resolves a long-
     standing discrepancy in interpretation under the Internal 
     Revenue Code of the use and definition of contractors, who 
     are integral to assisting child support agencies in 
     establishing and enforcing child support obligations. The 
     companion to H.R. 7906, S. 3154, was introduced in the Senate 
     by Senator John Thune (R-South Dakota) and Senator Ron Wyden 
     (D-Oregon).
       The federal tax refund offset program collects tens of 
     millions in current and past due child support every year. 
     These vital funds for children across the nation are in 
     jeopardy if resolution to this discrepancy is not addressed.
       Based on preliminary cost estimates obtained from child 
     support program directors across the country, absent this 
     legislative solution, compliance with IRS requirements would 
     total over $1 billion nationally in additional costs for 
     child support programs each year. These are the additional 
     administrative costs associated with bringing current vendor-
     provided services in-house. The legislation would also 
     provide Tribes with direct access to federal tax information 
     to offset federal tax refunds from parents owing support to 
     their children and allow them to obtain vital information to 
     establish and enforce child support for children served by 
     tribal child support agencies.


               Bipartisan, Bicameral, Stakeholder Support

       After many months of review and negotiation, this important 
     effort and bill as introduced has earned bipartisan support 
     and a nearly identical bill is pending in the Senate. 
     Additionally, the IRS and the Office of Child Support 
     Services were meaningfully engaged and involved throughout 
     the process and supported the provisions. The four national 
     associations representing state and Tribal child support 
     agencies also support the bill.
       This legislative fix clarifying the use of contractors 
     provides administrative certainty for all agencies and 
     provides Tribes with direct access to tax refund offsets, 
     giving them another tool to support children and families. We 
     support the passage of H.R 7906 to avoid disruption in these 
     essential services.
           Sincerely,
       Governor Tony Evers, Wisconsin.
       Governor Mike DeWine, Ohio.
       Governor Kay Ivey, Alabama.
       Governor Gavin Newsom, California.
       Governor Ned Lamont, Connecticut.
       Governor Josh Green, M.D., Hawaii.
       Governor Laura Kelly, Kansas.
       Governor Wes Moore, Maryland.
       Governor Gretchen Whitmer, Michigan.
       Governor Katie Hobbs, Arizona.
       Governor Jared Polis, Colorado.
       Governor John Carney, Delaware.
       Governor J.B. Pritzker, Illinois.
       Governor Janet Mills, Maine.
       Governor Maura Healey, Massachusetts.
       Governor Mike Parson, Missouri.
       Governor Phil Murphy, New Jersey.
       Governor Doug Burgum, North Dakota.
       Governor Josh Shapiro, Pennsylvania.
       Governor Kristi Noem, South Dakota.
       Governor Phil Scott, Vermont.
       Governor Mark Gordon, Wyoming.
       Governor Michelle Lujan Grisham, New Mexico.
       Governor Tina Kotek, Oregon.
       Governor Dan McKee, Rhode Island.
       Governor Spencer Cox, Utah.
       Governor Jay Inslee, Washington.

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may 
consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Smucker).
  Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. 
Smith) for yielding and his work on this very important piece of 
legislation. I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Davis), the 
ranking member of the Subcommittee on Work and Welfare, as well as the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood), the chairman of the Subcommittee 
on Work and Welfare, for their work on this legislation.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 9076, the Supporting 
America's Children and Families Act.

                              {time}  1615

  One pillar of this bill reauthorizes the title IV-B program, which 
underpins much of the child welfare system and provides funding to 
States for community-based and prevention-oriented programs and 
services. At the time we are reauthorizing, we take that opportunity to 
learn how we can improve. The improvements that are included today in 
that reauthorization will make a difference in the lives of many 
children and families throughout the country.
  I am very pleased that included in this package are four bills that I 
introduced after receiving input from providers and others in my 
community and district. After hearing from individuals and witnesses in 
hearings about this package, it will include policies to allow IV-B 
dollars to support kinship families, reduce the administrative burden 
on State and Tribal child welfare agencies, support caseworkers, and 
gather data on the effectiveness of post-adoptive services.
  The other pillar of this bill would ensure that States can utilize 
contractors to support their child welfare programs, which is a vital 
flexibility that the two counties that I represent, Lancaster and York 
Counties in Pennsylvania, take advantage of to ensure steady child 
support payments.
  H.R. 9076 aims to provide vital resources to families in need with 
the goal of preventing them from needing the foster care system in the 
first place and helping to maintain healthy families, which are the 
cornerstone of our society.
  Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' 
on this bill.
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for 
time, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may 
consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Yakym).
  Mr. YAKYM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Supporting America's 
Children and Families Act, which updates key child welfare programs for 
the first time since 2008. That includes reducing the paperwork burden 
for States and caseworkers, improving training and technology available 
to caseworkers, strengthening support systems for grandparents and 
other relatives who become primary caregivers, and providing better 
services for those aging out of foster care.
  When I was board chair for the Boys and Girls Clubs of St. Joseph 
County, I saw firsthand the difference programs of all types make in 
putting at-risk youth on a path to success and keeping them on it. That 
involves treating each child as an individual, not just another number, 
and assessing their unique circumstances and needs. This takes more 
work, but it ensures the best result for the child, their family, and 
their communities.
  I thank Mr. LaHood, Mr. Davis, Chairman Smith, and Ranking Member 
Neal for their bipartisan work on this bill.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank Chairman 
Smith and Chairman LaHood for their partnership on this important bill 
that would improve and invest in child welfare services under title IV-
B and ensure that State and Tribal support agencies can continue their 
work. I think all of our committee can be seriously proud of this 
bipartisan work. It has been a pleasure working with the chair and Mr. 
LaHood.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this very important legislation, and I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my 
time.
  Mr. Speaker, it is not often that you find this many Republicans and 
Democrats voting together on a bill, but when it comes to supporting 
children and families, we are in strong agreement.
  Reauthorizing title IV-B is a first-in-a-generation win that will 
refocus the child welfare system on keeping families together and 
preventing abuse and neglect.
  Don't take our word for it. The title IV-B coalition, made up of 22 
different national, State, and county organizations, has endorsed this 
legislation. The National Foster Youth Institute, the Child Welfare 
League of America, and the National Indian Child Welfare Association 
have all come out in support of this legislation.
  I also give a special thanks to Paris Hilton for personally coming to 
Capitol Hill and testifying about her lived experience and in support 
of reforms to this program.

[[Page H5270]]

  The legislation from Representative Hern that is also included in 
this bill will fix the disconnect between Federal laws that are 
currently setting up State and Tribal child support agencies for 
failure.
  The child support enforcement program is one of the most highly 
successful, cost-effective Federal programs that millions of families 
across the country rely upon each month. The program produces $5 in 
benefits for every $1 spent on administration. Nearly 13 million 
children, representing 18 percent of all children, are affected by this 
program.
  Twenty-six States from the National Governors Association have 
endorsed this legislation, along with the National Conference of State 
Legislatures, the National Association of Counties, and the National 
Association of Tribal Child Support Directors.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join them in supporting this 
important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Smucker). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 9076, as amended.
  The question was taken.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds 
being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and 
nays.
  The yeas and nays were ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further 
proceedings on this motion will be postponed.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5270-H5272]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                  NO FOREIGN ELECTION INTERFERENCE ACT

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and 
pass the bill (H.R. 8314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to 
impose penalties with respect to contributions to political committees 
from certain tax exempt organizations that receive contributions from 
foreign nationals, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8314

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``No Foreign Election 
     Interference Act''.

     SEC. 2. PENALTIES WITH RESPECT TO CONTRIBUTIONS TO POLITICAL 
                   COMMITTEES FROM CERTAIN TAX EXEMPT 
                   ORGANIZATIONS THAT ACCEPT CONTRIBUTIONS FROM 
                   FOREIGN NATIONALS.

       (a) In General.--Part I of subchapter B of chapter 68 of 
     the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the 
     end the following new section:

     ``SEC. 6720D. CONTRIBUTIONS TO POLITICAL COMMITTEES FROM 
                   CERTAIN TAX EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS THAT ACCEPT 
                   CONTRIBUTIONS FROM FOREIGN NATIONALS.

       ``(a) In General.--Any specified tax exempt organization 
     that makes any disqualified political committee contribution 
     shall pay a penalty equal to twice the amount of such 
     contribution.
       ``(b) Disqualified Political Committee Contribution.--For 
     purposes of this section--
       ``(1) In general.--The term `disqualified political 
     committee contribution' means, with respect to any 
     organization described in section 501(c), any contribution 
     made by such organization to a political committee (as 
     defined in section 301 of the Federal Election Campaign Act 
     of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101)) if such organization received, 
     during any testing period, any contribution or gift (within 
     the meaning of section 6033(b)(5)) from a foreign national 
     (as defined in section 319(b) of the Federal Election 
     Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30121(b))).
       ``(2) Testing period.--The term `testing period' means, 
     with respect to any contribution by an organization described 
     in section 501(c), the 8-year period ending on the date of 
     such contribution, except that such period shall not include 
     any period before the date of the enactment of this section.
       ``(c) Specified Tax Exempt Organization.--For purposes of 
     this section--
       ``(1) In general.--The term `specified tax exempt 
     organization' means, with respect to any taxable year, any 
     organization described in section 501(c) and exempt from tax 
     under section 501(a) if--
       ``(A) the gross receipts of such organization for such 
     taxable year equal or exceed $200,000, or
       ``(B) the assets of such organization (determined as of the 
     close of such taxable year) equal or exceed $500,000.
       ``(2) Coordination with revocation of tax exempt status by 
     reason of making disqualified political committee 
     contributions.--An organization which is not exempt from tax 
     under section 501(a) solely by reason of section 501(s) shall 
     be treated for purposes of paragraph (1) of this subsection 
     as exempt from tax under section 501(a) with respect to the 
     application of this section to the first 3 disqualified 
     political committee contributions of such organization.''.
       (b) Revocation of Exempt Status Upon Third Disqualified 
     Political Committee Contribution.--Section 501 of the 
     Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end 
     the following new subsection:
       ``(s) Revocation of Exempt Status of Certain Organizations 
     That Accept Contributions From Foreign Nationals and Make 
     Contributions to Political Committees.--Any organization 
     described in subsection (c) which makes more than 2 
     disqualified political committee contributions (as defined in 
     section 6720D(b)) shall not be exempt from taxation under 
     subsection (a) for any taxable year ending on or after the 
     date of the third such contribution.''.
       (c) Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections for part I 
     of subchapter B of chapter 68 of such Code is amended by 
     adding at the end the following new item:

``Sec. 6720D. Contributions to political committees from certain tax 
              exempt organizations that accept contributions from 
              foreign nationals.''.
       (d) Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section 
     shall apply with respect to contributions made on or after 
     January 1, 2025, by organizations described in section 501(c) 
     of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Missouri (Mr. Smith) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Sanchez) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri.


                             General Leave

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all 
Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their 
remarks and submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Missouri?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, as the world's leading democracy, America is an example 
for other nations to follow. Unfortunately, we are also a target for 
foreign actors seeking to influence and undermine our elections.
  Over the last year, as the Ways and Means Committee has been 
investigating concerns about the dangerous influence of foreign money 
in our elections, it has become clear that loopholes exist in our tax 
code that foreign donors are able to take advantage of so they can 
influence the American electoral process.
  Under current law, foreign nationals are prohibited from making 
contributions directly to election campaigns, but there is nothing that 
prohibits overseas cash flowing from foreign nationals, including from 
adversaries of the United States such as China, through tax-exempt 
organizations and then into the hands of super-PACs.
  The committee's investigation discovered a particularly disturbing 
example: A foreign national from Switzerland has given over $100 
million through his tax-exempt organization to the Sixteen Thirty Fund, 
a 501(c)(4), which subsequently distributed $63 million to super-PACs 
to try to persuade the American voter. According to The New York Times, 
the Sixteen Thirty Fund is a leading vehicle for dark money on the 
left.
  The American people shouldn't be subjected to TV and digital ads 
financed by the Chinese Communist Party or other nations seeking to 
influence the vote or undermine our elections. I think we can all agree 
that our election should be free of foreign interference.
  For my colleagues on the left who spent years talking about foreign 
election interference, this should be a no-brainer. If they care about 
our electoral process and making sure it is open and fair, then we need 
to make sure foreign money can't drown out the voices of American 
voters.
  The legislation before us today, sponsored by Representative 
Malliotakis, the No Foreign Election Interference Act, was approved in 
May by the Ways and Means Committee 39-1. Her bill closes this loophole 
in the tax code by restricting tax-exempt organizations from donating 
to super-PACs after receiving foreign gifts or contributions, and it 
revokes the tax-exempt status for organizations that repeatedly violate 
this law.

[[Page H5271]]

  This bill is not aimed at program service revenue or member dues but 
clearly focuses on contributions and gifts made to tax-exempt 
organizations that then make donations to super-PACs.
  When it comes to our elections, the American people, not wealthy 
foreign donors, should decide the future direction of our country.
  Mr. Speaker, I commend Representative Malliotakis for her leadership 
on this issue, and I encourage all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on 
this bill so that we can maintain the integrity of our election system.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. SANCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 8314, the No Foreign 
Election Interference Act.
  While the title and the intent of the bill sound reasonable, in its 
current form, the bill ultimately fails in its goal to defend 
democracy. Instead, this bill would unfairly hurt American workers and 
the unions that represent them.
  This bill has many unintended and harmful consequences. Although the 
intent and the spirit of the bill are good, in the current form, it 
falls very short of its intention.
  It imposes penalties on organizations that make contributions to 
political committees and receive contributions or gifts from foreign 
nationals during an 8-year lookback period. However, it does not define 
a contribution or gift for this purpose or contain any reasonable cause 
exception. The penalty equals twice the amount of the contribution made 
to the political committee. If a tax-exempt organization makes more 
than two political contributions described in this bill, the 
organization loses its exempt status as of the third contribution.
  I am particularly concerned about the severe penalties the bill would 
impose on organizations that have international members and make 
political contributions. This bill is opposed by unions, including the 
AFL-CIO, which represents 60 affiliate unions and 12.5 million workers.

                              {time}  1630

  Labor unions are obligated to represent all workers in a bargaining 
unit, but they have no role in who is hired.
  An employer may hire a citizen, a permanent resident who holds a 
legal green card, or an immigrant holding a temporary visa.
  Accordingly, if union dues are considered a contribution or gift and 
the dues are received from a foreign national, that is, a noncitizen, 
this would restrict the union's right to give to a political committee.
  It is imperative that they be able to advocate on behalf of workers 
and fully engage in the political process. Since this bill only applies 
to nonprofits, for-profit corporations don't face this same danger.
  Finally, the bill is also redundant because foreign nationals are 
already prohibited from donating to political candidates in any 
Federal, State, or local election under the Federal Election Campaign 
Act of 1971.
  If Republicans were serious about removing dark money from politics, 
the bill under consideration today would be the DISCLOSE Act.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this antiworker 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Wow, Mr. Speaker. This is about as swampy as 
you can get in Washington. This bill passed out of the House Ways and 
Means Committee 39-1, including the gentlewoman from California who 
voted ``yes.''
  The only difference between when it passed out of the committee to 
where we are today is that some outside interest groups, who apparently 
control the voting cards and the opinions of a lot of people, said this 
is a bad bill, so now we are a ``no.'' That is very, very unfortunate.
  I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York 
(Ms. Malliotakis).
  Ms. MALLIOTAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Smith for advocating 
for this bill, working to bring it to the floor, and making sure that 
we do not have foreign election interference.
  Mr. Speaker, my legislation, H.R. 8314, the No Foreign Election 
Interference Act, closes a loophole in our tax code that foreign 
citizens and potentially foreign adversaries have used to influence and 
derail the will of the United States people.
  Under current law, foreign nationals are prohibited from donating to 
political committees, as my colleague on the other side pointed out.
  However, what my colleague on the other side of the aisle failed to 
mention is that there are no restrictions on foreign nationals flowing 
money through tax-exempt organizations and then moving that money into 
super-PAC issue advocacy organizations that get involved in American 
elections with the intention to influence our elections. This is a 
major loophole.
  Public reporting suggests that foreign nationals who are barred from 
directly contributing to candidate campaigns by the FEC are exploiting 
tax-exempt organizations as a pass-through, something that as current 
law stands is permissible.
  For example, a Swiss billionaire has used a network of nonprofits to 
steer tens of millions of dollars to influence our elections and 
undermine our democracy.
  According to The New York Times, the same individual between 2016 and 
2020 donated significant sums of money to the Sixteen Thirty Fund, 
which subsequently sent over $60 million to super-PACs that supported 
exclusively Democrats. Perhaps that is why we all of a sudden see this 
opposition to this legislation after it passed committee almost 
unanimously.
  We should all be uncomfortable with any noncitizen having so much 
sway over our electoral decisions and public discourse. Our elections 
are our elections. They do not belong to individuals who cannot even 
cast a ballot in the United States.
  This bill would prohibit any tax-exempt organization that receives 
foreign national contributions from subsequently making contributions 
to political committees, such as super-PACs, for 8 years. Failure to 
comply would result in significant fines and eventually revocation of 
tax-exempt status.
  Let me be abundantly clear: To address the concern brought up by my 
colleague on the other side of the aisle, this legislation does not 
include any dues-paying trade organizations or labor unions. The sole 
intent of this bill is to keep foreign mega-donor money out of our 
elections.
  Again, I thank Chairman Jason Smith of Ways and Means for working 
with me on this legislation, and I hope that my colleagues will support 
this legislation today and that it will pass with bipartisan support as 
it did out of the committee.
  Ms. SANCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, I am prepared 
to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time
  Mr. Speaker, as I stated earlier, the intent of this bill is noble 
and even reasonable, but as it is written, it is fundamentally flawed.
  While it is true that the bill passed out of committee on a nearly 
unanimous vote, and in that iteration, I did vote for it. Upon further 
scrutiny of the bill, we noticed that there were some very troubling 
aspects of this bill, which make it not fulfill the solution to the 
problem that it is seeking to do.
  If my colleagues on the other side of the aisle were correct in 
saying that it doesn't unfairly target unions, they could tighten up 
the definition of what contributions are in this bill, or they could 
amend it to specifically exclude labor unions from the provisions of 
this bill that are so punitive.
  My question to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle is I can 
understand wanting to remove foreign influence from our elections, but 
why do they want to silence the voices of working families in the 
United States, because that is what this bill does.
  I support removing dark money from politics, but this bill is not the 
right bill, and it is certainly not the right approach.

  Its significant penalties on tax-exempt organizations unfairly target 
workers and the unions that represent them, and there is nothing swampy 
about wanting to defend those workers.
  This bill does not fail to meaningfully reduce foreign election 
interference, so I must urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' in opposition 
of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my 
time.

[[Page H5272]]

  Mr. Speaker, I think it is noteworthy to know that whenever we did 
the markup on this bill in committee, the other side did not present 
one amendment to protect what they are suggesting now that they should 
have done in amendment. Guess what? They voted 39-1 for this bill.
  Those penalties that the gentlewoman from California was pointing out 
that she didn't like, that hasn't changed. That was in the bill, and 
they passed it. She voted for it.
  This bill is about making sure American elections are decided by 
American voters, not foreign nationals who want to tip the scales in 
favor of their preferred candidate or policy.
  The 2020 elections were the most expensive elections in history with 
election spending totaling more than $14 billion, an amount surely to 
be surpassed in 2024.
  The American people deserve to know that the commercials and ads that 
are being pumped through their TVs and phones are free from foreign 
influence.
  Representative Malliotakis' bill will close a loophole that allows 
wealthy foreigners to exercise outsized influence in our U.S. elections 
through donations to tax-exempt organizations who then flood our 
airwaves through super-PAC spending, emboldened with foreign dollars--
not American dollars, foreign dollars.
  I urge my colleagues to stand with American voters who shouldn't have 
their voices silenced by billionaires from overseas. I ask and 
encourage this body to support this legislation.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 8314, as amended.
  The question was taken.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds 
being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.
  Ms. SANCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.
  The yeas and nays were ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further 
proceedings on this motion will be postponed.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5272-H5273]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      VSO EQUAL TAX TREATMENT ACT

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and 
pass the bill (H.R. 1432) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to 
provide for the deductibility of charitable contributions to certain 
organizations for members of the Armed Forces, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 1432

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``VSO Equal Tax Treatment 
     Act'' or as the ``VETT Act''.

     SEC. 2. DEDUCTIBILITY OF CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS TO CERTAIN 
                   ORGANIZATIONS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES.

       (a) In General.--Section 170(c) of the Internal Revenue 
     Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after paragraph (5) the 
     following new paragraph:
       ``(6) An organization described in section 501(c)(19) that 
     is a federally chartered corporation.''.
       (b) Percentage Limitation.--Section 170(b)(1)(A) of the 
     Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ``or'' 
     at the end of clause (viii), by adding ``or'' at the end of 
     clause (ix), and by inserting after clause (ix) the following 
     new clause:
       ``(x) an organization described in section 501(c)(19) that 
     is a federally chartered corporation,''.
       (c) Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section 
     shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the 
     enactment of this Act.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Missouri (Mr. Smith) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Davis) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri.


                             General Leave

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all 
Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their 
remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under 
consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Missouri?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1432, the VSO Equal Tax 
Treatment Act, or VETT Act, introduced by my Ways and Means colleague, 
Dr. Brad Wenstrup, and Representative   Jimmy Panetta.
  In short, this legislation makes it easier for those looking to 
support our veterans to do so through donations to the veterans service 
organization of their choosing.
  Right now, certain VSOs are prohibited from accepting tax-deductible 
donations if over 10 percent of the members in their organization are 
not considered ``wartime veterans,'' but this prohibition is outdated.
  As our veteran populations age, this needlessly restrictive 
definition excludes veteran populations who joined the service 
following the Vietnam war and before the Persian Gulf war.
  An estimated 2.4 million veterans living today do not meet the 
definition of wartime veterans, including some of the men and women who 
bravely served this country in Iraq and Afghanistan.
  VSOs provide critical services to our Nation's veterans. They help 
with filing service-connected claims with the VA. They provide other 
types of assistance when it comes to navigating the confusing web of 
government programs our veterans rely on.
  They also stand in support of our military families, the moms and 
dads, the husbands and wives, and the sons and daughters of our 
veterans.
  Under this legislation, our tax code will no longer discriminate 
among our veterans service organizations. Charitable contributions to 
all federally chartered, tax-exempt organizations that serve current 
and former members of the military will be tax deductible.
  The Ways and Means Committee approved this legislation unanimously. I 
urge all my colleagues to follow our bipartisan lead and vote ``yes'' 
on this commonsense bill to support our veterans, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1432, the VETT Act. Veterans 
service organizations provide vital and integral support to our 
servicemembers in their local communities.
  This bill updates outdated rules in the tax code, and in doing so, 
ensures that Americans have the needed incentives to support these 
organizations that serve those who served our country.
  By providing equal treatment to veterans that served in war and those 
who served in peacetime, we are ensuring that VSOs are able to grow and 
maintain their memberships without having to risk losing their ability 
to receive tax deductible charitable donations.
  Mr. Speaker, if there is any group in our country, in our society 
that deserves all of the effort that we can put forth to make sure that 
they receive the fairest of treatment in terms of what they have done 
to serve our country, this is something I think we owe them all.
  I support this legislation and reserve the balance of my time.

                              {time}  1645

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may 
consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Wenstrup).
  Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 1432, 
the VSO Equal Tax Treatment Act, or the VETT Act.
  The VETT Act is a commonsense, bipartisan bill, which I have been 
proud to lead since 2018. As a veteran myself, I know firsthand how 
these organizations offer vital support and a sense of community to 
Americans who wore our Nation's uniform and sacrificed so much for our 
country.
  All veterans deserve our support and gratitude, regardless of the 
period in which they served. Yet, under the current tax code, veterans 
service organizations whose membership consist of less than 90 percent 
wartime veterans are prohibited from accepting tax-deductible 
donations.
  This disadvantages the VSOs that serve a broad membership of both 
wartime and nonwartime veterans, and

[[Page H5273]]

forces them to choose between the significant benefit of being able to 
accept tax-deductible donations for serving the 2.4 million veterans 
who do not meet the definition of wartime veterans.
  It is long past time that we fix this antiquated provision in the tax 
code by updating the definition of charitable contributions so that it 
includes congressionally chartered veterans service organizations. The 
VETT Act would do exactly that, ending an unfair tax on Americans who 
donate to these deserving VSOs.
  This legislation is supported by a host of VSOs, including AMVETS, 
The American Legion, Fleet Reserve Association, Jewish War Veterans of 
the USA, Military Order of the World Wars, Non Commissioned Officers 
Association, U.S. Coast Guard Chief Petty Officers Association, and 
TREA: The Enlisted Association.
  I thank my partner on this bill, Representative   Jimmy Panetta, who 
has been a tremendous advocate for veterans in Congress and who I have 
been proud to work with on this bill and other legislation, especially 
concerning veterans.
  I would be remiss if I didn't share my appreciation for our former 
colleague, Representative Ron Kind, who was the Democrat lead on this 
bill in previous Congresses.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this bill and fix 
this error in the tax code for the benefit of our veteran community.
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for 
time, and I am prepared to close.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my colleagues for their work on this 
legislation, especially Mr. Panetta and Dr. Wenstrup.
  Again, if there is any group who could expect and should expect the 
greatest efforts to make sure that they are protected, it is our 
veterans.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, there is a reason this bill 
passed the Ways and Means Committee 42-0. There is no denying this is 
the right thing to do. I urge all my colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1432, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5273-H5274]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 CHRONIC DISEASE FLEXIBLE COVERAGE ACT

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and 
pass the bill (H.R. 3800) to codify Internal Revenue Service guidance 
relating to treatment of certain services and items for chronic 
conditions as meeting the preventive care deductible safe harbor for 
purposes of high deductible health plans in connection with health 
savings accounts, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 3800

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Chronic Disease Flexible 
     Coverage Act''.

     SEC. 2. SERVICES AND ITEMS FOR CHRONIC CONDITIONS TREATED AS 
                   PREVENTIVE CARE.

       (a) In General.--The additional preventive care services 
     and items for chronic conditions that may be treated as 
     preventive care for purposes of section 223(c)(2)(C) of the 
     Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as set forth in IRS Notice 
     2019-45 shall have the same force and effect as if included 
     in the enactment of this Act.
       (b) No Inference.--To the extent not inconsistent with this 
     section, no inference shall be made from subsection (a) with 
     respect to such other rules or guidance as the Secretary has 
     provided, or may provide, with respect to preventive services 
     for purposes of section 223(c)(2)(C) of such Code.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Missouri (Mr. Smith) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Davis) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri.


                             General Leave

  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all 
Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their 
remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under 
consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Missouri?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, 6 in 10 Americans live with at least one chronic 
disease, such as heart disease, cancer, or diabetes. Nearly 90 percent 
of the $4.1 trillion in annual healthcare spending in this country goes 
toward the treatment of patients with chronic diseases.
  Part of improving the delivery of healthcare in America must be 
expanding the opportunity for folks to better manage their chronic 
health conditions so that they can live longer, healthier lives, and we 
can bring down the financial impact of healthcare on individuals, 
families, businesses, and the government.
  The Chronic Disease Flexible Coverage Act, introduced by Ways and 
Means colleagues Dr. Wenstrup and Representative Blumenauer, will 
expand treatment and disease management options by allowing employers 
that offer high-deductible healthcare plans to also offer predeductible 
coverage, otherwise known as first-dollar coverage, for 14 chronic 
healthcare services.
  Those services include beta blockers for patients with congestive 
heart failure, blood pressure monitors for patients with high blood 
pressure, inhalers for patients with asthma, and cholesterol drugs and 
testing for patients with heart disease. The list does not have to end 
there. In fact, the bill also allows for that list of covered services 
to be expanded in the future.
  The Chronic Disease Flexible Coverage Act actually codifies a Trump 
administration policy that will incentivize employers to offer coverage 
for these services so that they can lower healthcare costs for their 
workers and their businesses.
  High-deductible health plans are a great option for employers and 
employees looking for more affordable coverage, and this bill will make 
them even more beneficial to individuals with chronic disease.
  Flexibilities like these in care delivery and coverage options are 
key to improving patient outcomes, and I encourage all of my colleagues 
to support this legislation.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, the Chronic Disease Flexible Coverage Act is sponsored 
by Dr. Wenstrup and Representative Earl Blumenauer. I thank my 
colleague Dr. Wenstrup and my friend Earl Blumenauer for their tireless 
work in healthcare and on healthcare issues.
  As Earl prepares to retire, I recognize that he has long been a 
champion for improving care and services for those with chronic 
illnesses. I will miss his leadership on the Ways and Means Committee 
and in Congress.
  While I voted against the bill in committee, I do understand the 
principle about trying to protect people from high out-of-pocket costs. 
This bill codifies the safe harbor for preventive services for high-
deductible plans that offer additional preventive benefits 
predeductible.
  Given that the bill codifies the regulation, it is not making a new 
policy or giving Americans any protections they don't currently enjoy.
  While I understand the desire to help workers stuck in high-
deductible plans, we really need to look at the impact high-deductible 
plans are having on patients and families and how they contribute to 
medical debt.
  More than 100 million Americans are saddled with medical debt that 
can often be as a result of plans with high deductibles. We know out-
of-pocket costs deter Americans from getting the care that they need, 
and we must change that.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may 
consume to

[[Page H5274]]

the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Wenstrup).
  Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.
  I rise today in support of H.R. 3800, the Chronic Disease Flexible 
Coverage Act. I am proud to lead this bill with my colleague Earl 
Blumenauer.
  As a physician, I have seen firsthand the impact that chronic disease 
is having on patients. Six in ten Americans live with at least one 
chronic disease. According to the CDC, approximately 90 percent of the 
United States' healthcare spending is attributed to managing and 
treating patients with chronic diseases and mental health conditions.

  Clearly, we must take action to help Americans living with chronic 
disease better manage and treat their conditions. This bill would give 
employers who offer high-deductible health plans the option to cover 14 
chronic care management medical services before an individual reaches 
their deductible.
  In doing this, this bill allows employers the flexibility that helps 
incentivize their employees to adhere to services that help manage 
their chronic condition and keep them healthier. This is a win-win-win. 
It is a win for the patient, a win for the employer, and a win for our 
Nation, where we manage healthy patients and keep them healthy so that 
they will be able to go to work and live a full life.
  Surveys show that when you offer employers the opportunity to expand 
predeductible services, they see the value in doing so and choose to 
give their employees that very opportunity.
  Every American deserves to live a healthy life or as healthy as 
possible considering their health situation. This bill would help 
Americans do just that, by better managing and treating chronic 
conditions that affect so many of our fellow citizens.
  Patients are served well when their disease is treated before it 
progresses and gets worse. When patients with chronic disease can 
access care sooner, they can stay healthier longer. A healthy nation is 
a strong nation.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill.
  Mr. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, this legislation was approved by 
the Ways and Means Committee with overwhelming bipartisan support, and 
I hope we can show that same level of support here today. I yield back 
the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Edwards). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3800, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5274-H5275]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1700
FISCAL YEAR 2024 VETERANS AFFAIRS MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY AUTHORIZATION 
                                  ACT

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 6324) to authorize major medical facility projects for the 
Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2024, and for other 
purposes, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 6324

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Fiscal Year 2024 Veterans 
     Affairs Major Medical Facility Authorization Act''.

     SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF 
                   DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR FISCAL YEAR 
                   2024.

       (a) In General.--The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may 
     carry out the following major medical facility projects in 
     fiscal year 2024 at the locations specified and in an amount 
     for each project not to exceed the amount specified for such 
     location:
       (1) Construction of a new specialty care building 201, 
     renovation of building 18, and expansion of parking 
     facilities in American Lake, Washington, in an amount not to 
     exceed $155,600,000.
       (2) Expansion of clinical space for mental health, 
     expansion of parking facilities, and land acquisition in 
     Dallas, Texas, in an amount not to exceed $93,100,000.
       (3) Construction of a new health care center and utility 
     plant in El Paso, Texas, in an amount not to exceed 
     $759,200,000.
       (4) Replacement of community living center and expansion of 
     parking facilities in Perry Point, Maryland, in an amount not 
     to exceed $274,310,000.
       (5) Seismic retrofit and renovation of buildings 100 and 
     101, roadway and site improvements, construction of a new 
     specialty care facility, and demolition and expansion of 
     parking facilities in Portland, Oregon, in an amount not to 
     exceed $613,000,000.
       (6) Initiation of replacement of the medical center of the 
     Sierra Nevada Health Care System of the Department of 
     Veterans Affairs, including land acquisition and preliminary 
     site work, in Reno, Nevada, in an amount not to exceed 
     $223,800,000.
       (7) Construction of a new spinal cord injury building, 
     partial renovation of building 1, parking facilities, central 
     utility plant upgrades, and the seismic retrofit of the 
     existing spinal cord injury building 11 at the San Diego 
     Health Care System of the Department in San Diego, 
     California, in an amount not to exceed $311,700,000.
       (8) Construction of a new research facility, parking 
     structure, and demolition in San Francisco, California, in an 
     amount not to exceed $264,500,000.
       (9) Seismic corrections for building 1, construction of a 
     new administrative building, and expansion of the outpatient 
     clinic and parking structure in San Juan, Puerto Rico, in an 
     amount not to exceed $370,370,000.
       (10) Phase 1 of the replacement of bed tower, expansion of 
     clinical building, consolidation of administrative building 
     and warehouse, water tower, and new utility plant and parking 
     garages in St. Louis, Missouri, in an amount not to exceed 
     $135,340,000.
       (11) Construction of a new surgical and clinical space 
     tower, renovation of buildings 1 and 2, and demolition in 
     West Haven, Connecticut, in an amount not to exceed 
     $153,128,000.
       (b) Authorization of Appropriations.--There is authorized 
     to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for 
     fiscal year 2024 or the year in which funds are appropriated 
     for the Construction, Major Projects account, $3,354,048,000 
     for the projects authorized in subsection (a).

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. Bost) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Takano) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois.


                             General Leave

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks on 
H.R. 6324, as amended.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Illinois?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 6324, as 
amended. H.R. 6324 will authorize major VA medical construction 
projects in Washington, Texas, Maryland, Oregon, Nevada, California, 
Missouri, Connecticut, and Puerto Rico.
  Updating VA's aging infrastructure is a constant process. In order to 
best serve our Nation's veterans and provide them with the modern 
healthcare that they deserve, it is essential that we fund projects 
like these.
  The projects in this bill include new healthcare centers, a community 
living center, specialty care buildings, mental health clinics, 
research facilities, and others. The average VA medical center is 
decades older than the average private hospital.
  I still believe the best way to solve the problem would be to align 
spending on VA facilities with the veteran population. Unfortunately, 
that is not being taken care of in the Senate. We have passed it out of 
here.
  We also need to fund the construction projects VA is requesting right 
now. This legislation would deliver new facilities in communities 
throughout the country.
  I recognize the work of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for 
helping with this legislation and bringing this bill to the floor on 
behalf of our Nation's veterans.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6324, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H.R. 6324, the Fiscal 
Year 2024 Veterans Affairs Major Medical Facility Authorization Act, as 
amended.
  I have always supported providing sufficient funding for VA 
construction projects which make critical investments in improving 
veterans' access to healthcare and modernizing the facilities where 
they receive their care.

[[Page H5275]]

  These investments come at a critical time, when VA employees are 
being asked to do more with less and provide world-class care in aging 
and outdated buildings.
  The average age of VA-owned buildings is approaching 60 years old, 
with 1,800 buildings still in active use that are designated as 
historic or eligible for historic status. Meanwhile, private-sector 
hospitals are less than 15 years old on average.
  Despite its aging infrastructure and these challenges, the Department 
of Veterans Affairs continues to deliver high-quality healthcare, with 
VA hospitals once again this year outperforming private hospitals on 
the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services' annual hospital quality 
star ratings.
  To ensure VA can continue providing exceptional care for years to 
come, we must invest appropriately in its infrastructure.
  H.R. 6324, as amended, authorizes more than $3.35 billion for major 
medical facility construction projects in 11 locations, including: 
$759.2 million for construction of a new healthcare center and utility 
plant in El Paso, Texas; $274.3 million for replacement of a community 
living center and expansion of parking facilities in Perry Point, 
Maryland; $613 million for seismic retrofitting and renovation of 
buildings, construction of a new specialty care facility, and parking 
upgrades in Portland, Oregon; and $311.7 million for construction of a 
new spinal cord injury building, utility plant upgrades, seismic 
retrofitting, and other projects in San Diego, California.
  These projects will ensure the veterans in these communities have 
access to the highest level of care VA can provide. This legislation is 
a crucial step to continue our goal of making critical investments in 
the modernization of VA medical facilities.
  Mr. Speaker, I wholeheartedly support H.R. 6324, as amended, I urge 
my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I am ready to close, and I reserve the balance 
of my time.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.
  I ask all of my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 6324, the 
Fiscal Year 2024 Veterans Affairs Major Medical Facility Authorization 
Act, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support 
the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost) that the House suspend the rules and 
pass the bill, H.R. 6324, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5275-H5276]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




      VETERANS' COMPENSATION COST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT ACT OF 2024

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 7777) to increase, effective as of December 1, 2024, the rates of 
compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the 
rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of 
certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7777

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Veterans' Compensation Cost-
     of-Living Adjustment Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. INCREASE IN RATES OF DISABILITY COMPENSATION AND 
                   DEPENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSATION.

       (a) Rate Adjustment.--Effective on December 1, 2024, the 
     Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall increase, in accordance 
     with subsection (c), the dollar amounts in effect on November 
     30, 2024, for the payment of disability compensation and 
     dependency and indemnity compensation under the provisions 
     specified in subsection (b).
       (b) Amounts To Be Increased.--The dollar amounts to be 
     increased pursuant to subsection (a) are the following:
       (1) Wartime disability compensation.--Each of the dollar 
     amounts under section 1114 of title 38, United States Code.
       (2) Additional compensation for dependents.--Each of the 
     dollar amounts under section 1115(1) of such title.
       (3) Clothing allowance.--The dollar amount under section 
     1162 of such title.
       (4) Dependency and indemnity compensation to surviving 
     spouse.--Each of the dollar amounts under subsections (a) 
     through (d) of section 1311 of such title.
       (5) Dependency and indemnity compensation to children.--
     Each of the dollar amounts under sections 1313(a) and 1314 of 
     such title.
       (c) Determination of Increase.--Each dollar amount 
     described in subsection (b) shall be increased by the same 
     percentage as the percentage by which benefit amounts payable 
     under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et 
     seq.) are increased effective December 1, 2024, as a result 
     of a determination under section 215(i) of such Act (42 
     U.S.C. 415(i)).
       (d) Special Rule.--The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may 
     adjust administratively, consistent with the increases made 
     under subsection (a), the rates of disability compensation 
     payable to persons under section 10 of Public Law 85-857 (72 
     Stat. 1263) who have not received compensation under chapter 
     11 of title 38, United States Code.

     SEC. 3. PUBLICATION OF ADJUSTED RATES.

       The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall publish in the 
     Federal Register the amounts specified in section 2(b), as 
     increased under that section, not later than the date on 
     which the matters specified in section 215(i)(2)(D) of the 
     Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)(2)(D)) are required to 
     be published by reason of a determination made under section 
     215(i) of such Act during fiscal year 2025.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. Bost) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Takano) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois.


                             General Leave

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks on 
H.R. 7777.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Illinois?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7777, offered by my 
friend and fellow veteran, Representative Luttrell.
  This bill will ensure that VA compensation benefits for veterans and 
their surviving loved ones keep pace with inflation and the increased 
cost of living.
  Veterans and their families often depend on VA compensation benefits 
to pay for daily living expenses and to support their families. This 
bill would help them meet their financial needs by increasing the 
amount of certain disability compensation benefits by the same 
percentage as the cost-of-living increase for Social Security benefits 
recipients.
  Congress must pass the cost-of-living adjustment every year to ensure 
that our veterans and their loved ones cover their expenses and keep 
food on the table for their families.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 7777, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H.R. 7777, the Veterans 
Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2024.
  As we do every year, today, we are considering legislation to 
increase payments for wartime disability compensation, compensation for 
dependents, the clothing allowance for certain disabled veterans, and 
dependency and indemnity compensation for surviving spouses and 
children. Specifically, this bill mandates that the VA raise these 
benefit amounts by the same percentage as the cost-of-living 
adjustment, or COLA, provided to Social Security recipients.
  This ensures that veterans and their families maintain their quality 
of life and are protected from reductions in their earned benefits as 
economic conditions shift.
  The cost-of-living adjustment reflects our Nation's ongoing gratitude 
for the service and sacrifice of not only those who have bravely worn 
our Nation's uniform but also to their families, who bear significant 
burdens as well. As the ranking member of the Committee on Veterans' 
Affairs, I am honored to support this effort.

[[Page H5276]]

  I also commend the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial 
Affairs and extend my thanks to Ranking Member Pappas and Chairman 
Luttrell for sponsoring this year's House bill and for their steadfast 
commitment to supporting our veterans.
  I fully support H.R. 7777 and urge my colleagues to do the same. I 
also call on the Senate to swiftly pass this measure.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. Luttrell), the sponsor of the bill.
  Mr. LUTTRELL. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be here today to speak on 
my bill, H.R. 7777, the Veterans' Compensation Cost-of-Living 
Adjustment Act of 2024.
  The bill would increase certain amounts of compensation that veterans 
and their families receive as well as the clothing allowance benefits 
for certain veterans.
  Specifically, the bill would ensure that the VA benefits are adjusted 
by the same percentage as the cost-of-living adjustment for Social 
Security benefits recipients.
  Veterans and their families often depend on VA compensation benefits 
to meet their financial needs. This bill is critical to ensure that 
their VA benefits keep up with inflation and today's increased cost of 
living.
  I appreciate Ranking Member Pappas and Mr. Bost for their support of 
this bill. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 7777, and I yield back 
the balance of my time.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.
  I ask all my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 7777, the 
Veterans' Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2024, and I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage Members to support the 
legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost) that the House suspend the rules and 
pass the bill, H.R. 7777.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5276-H5277]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                  PRIORITIZING VETERANS' SURVIVORS ACT

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 7100) to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the 
organization of the Office of Survivors Assistance of the Department of 
Veterans Affairs.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7100

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Prioritizing Veterans' 
     Survivors Act''.

     SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION OF ORGANIZATION OF THE OFFICE OF 
                   SURVIVORS ASSISTANCE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF 
                   VETERANS AFFAIRS.

       Section 321(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended 
     by striking ``in the Department'' and inserting ``in the 
     Office of the Secretary''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. Bost) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Takano) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois.


                             General Leave

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 
5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks on H.R. 
7100.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Illinois?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7100, as offered by 
Representative Ciscomani.
  This bill would ensure that VA prioritizes care, services, and 
benefits for the surviving family members of veterans as much as VA 
does for the veterans.
  The bill would do so by ensuring the VA Office of Survivors 
Assistance conducts its mission with the Office of the VA Secretary.
  In 2008, Congress created an Office of Survivors Assistance to serve 
as the Secretary's principal adviser and to serve as a resource on all 
benefits and services for veterans' surviving loved ones.
  The Biden-Harris administration did veterans' survivors a disservice 
by moving this office from the Secretary's office to the Veterans 
Benefits Administration's Pension and Fiduciary Service. This office is 
nowhere near the top of the organization chart, and the office no 
longer advises the Secretary on all benefits and services for those 
survivors.
  The Office of Survivors Assistance is understaffed and no longer has 
resources for survivors on all care, services, and benefits offered by 
all VA offices.
  Mr. Ciscomani's bill would correct the Biden-Harris administration's 
misguided changes and ensure survivors have a seat at the table again.
  We must ensure the voices of veterans' surviving families are heard 
and that they are prioritized by the VA. This bill will ensure that.
  I am proud to be co-lead of this bill with Representative Ciscomani, 
and I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 7100.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.

                              {time}  1715

  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H.R. 7100, the 
Prioritizing Veterans' Survivors Act. This bill would require VA to 
move the Office of Survivors Assistance, or OSA, to a position directly 
reporting to the Office of the VA Secretary.
  The Office of Survivors Assistance was established by statute in 2008 
to serve as a resource regarding all benefits and services furnished by 
the Department to survivors and dependents of deceased veterans and 
members of the armed services. OSA also serves as a principal adviser 
to the Secretary and promotes the use of VA benefits, programs, and 
services to survivors.
  Recently, VA moved supervision of OSA from the Office of Outreach, 
Transition, and Economic Development to VBA's Pension and Fiduciary 
Service. VA made this move with the idea that it would increase 
emphasis on the office and oversight of OSA, as VBA has more capacity 
to properly oversee the function. However, the survivor community has 
been critical of this move, characterizing it as a downgrade of the 
function and a diminishing of the importance of survivors in VA's 
mission. H.R. 7100 is responsive to those concerns.
  Historically, there has been a lack of resources dedicated to the 
mission of serving survivors. For example, there are only three 
employees in the Office of Survivors Assistance to serve over 450,000 
employees--I repeat, three employees in the Office of Survivors 
Assistance to serve over 450,000.
  We also see a lack of awareness of whom is part of the survivor 
community, where the community is, and a lack of direct and targeted 
outreach. As such, we have seen an underutilization of survivor 
benefits, so we must do whatever we can to remedy that situation.
  This bill is a small but important step in that process. I would be 
remiss, however, if I didn't also point to other legislation that we 
can and should be taking up to improve benefits for survivors.
  I have introduced H.R. 7150, the Survivor Benefits Delivery 
Improvement Act, a bill that puts new tools in VA's hands to aid in 
reaching survivors where they are and better inform them of the 
benefits they have earned.
  We have Members like Julia Brownley, who has introduced legislation 
to extend CHAMP-VA eligibility.
  Representative Jahana Hayes has also introduced legislation to raise 
the levels of dependency and indemnity compensation benefits on par 
with other Federal survivor programs.
  We have Members like Representative Dean Phillips who has introduced 
Love Lives On Act that would repeal the ridiculous penalties survivors 
face when they choose to remarry.
  We have legislation introduced by Representative Frank Mrvan to 
increase benefits for those using chapter

[[Page H5277]]

35 education benefits, but making those individuals eligible for more 
robust, comprehensive benefits equal to the Forever GI Bill.
  My hope is that in the waning days of this Congress, we see fit to 
consider these other pieces of legislation, as well. In the meantime, 
however, I do support this bill, and I encourage my colleagues to 
support it, as well.
  I extend a special thank-you to the survivors who may be listening 
today and those who are with us only in spirit. Their stories 
demonstrate bravery and courage, and they deserve every ounce of our 
effort in creating a VA that is welcoming and accessible, and every 
dollar of benefits we can muster on their behalf.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the 
gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Ciscomani), the sponsor of this bill.
  Mr. CISCOMANI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Bost for yielding me 
time to speak today in support of my bill, H.R. 7100, the Prioritizing 
Veterans' Survivors Act.
  Mr. Speaker, since I was elected, I have heard from military 
servicemembers and veterans' surviving family members about their 
struggle accessing VA benefits. In my district, I organized a Veterans 
Advisory Council, ensuring that surviving spouses and children 
accessing VA benefits and services is a top priority that we have 
discussed time and time again. I am always looking for ways to ensure 
that top VA leaders hear the concerns of veterans' loved ones.
  From its creation, the Office of Survivors Assistance, or OSA, was 
meant to serve as the principal adviser to the VA Secretary on all 
survivors' benefits and services, including medical care and burial 
benefits.
  When VA began operating the OSA within the Veterans Benefits 
Administration, the VA deprioritized survivors policy and skirted 
Congress' intent when they created this office. My bill would fix this, 
requiring OSA to operate within the Secretary's office, thereby 
prioritizing advocacy and services for servicemembers' and veterans' 
surviving spouses and families.
  I would like to highlight the comment of a member of my Veterans 
Advisory Council, Ms. Jane Strain, a surviving spouse and an Army 
veteran herself. She said: ``Surviving spouses and families are family 
members who cared for children, moved many times during a military 
career, compromised their careers, and maintained home life while the 
servicemember deployed. They have earned and deserve attention when the 
spouse has passed. Placing the OSA directly under the Secretary will 
help to recognize the importance of this population.''
  I was proud to work alongside Chairman Bost to ensure survivors have 
a seat at the table.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this 
commonsense legislation.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in 
passing H.R. 7100, the Prioritizing Veterans' Survivors Act, and I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support 
this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost) that the House suspend the rules and 
pass the bill, H.R. 7100.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5277-H5278]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




             VIETNAM VETERANS LIVER FLUKE CANCER STUDY ACT

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 4424) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to study and 
report on the prevalence of cholangiocarcinoma in veterans who served 
in the Vietnam theater of operations during the Vietnam era, and for 
other purposes, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 4424

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Vietnam Veterans Liver Fluke 
     Cancer Study Act''.

     SEC. 2. STUDY ON THE PREVALENCE OF CHOLANGIOCARCINOMA IN 
                   VETERANS WHO SERVED IN THE VIETNAM THEATER OF 
                   OPERATIONS DURING THE VIETNAM ERA.

       (a) Epidemiological Study.--Not later than 120 days after 
     the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans 
     Affairs, in consultation with the Director of the Centers for 
     Disease Control and Prevention of the Department of Health 
     and Human Services, shall commence an epidemiological study 
     on the prevalence of cholangiocarcinoma in covered veterans 
     of the Vietnam era, using data from the Veterans Affairs 
     Central Cancer Registry and the National Program of Cancer 
     Registries. The study shall--
       (1) identify the rate of incidence of cholangiocarcinoma in 
     covered veterans of the Vietnam era and in residents of the 
     United States, from the beginning of the Vietnam era to the 
     date of enactment of this Act; and
       (2) for each of the groups specified in paragraph (1), 
     identify the percentage of individuals with 
     cholangiocarcinoma by various demographic characteristics, 
     including by age, gender, race, ethnicity, and the geographic 
     location of the patient at the time of diagnosis.
       (b) Report to Congress.--Not later than one year after the 
     completion of the study under subsection (a), the Secretary 
     shall submit to Congress a report containing--
       (1) the results of the study under subsection (a); and
       (2) recommendations for administrative or legislative 
     actions required to address issues identified in the study 
     under subsection (a).
       (c) Continued Tracking of Cholangiocarcinoma in Covered 
     Veterans of the Vietnam Era.--The Secretary shall track the 
     prevalence of cholangiocarcinoma in covered veterans of the 
     Vietnam era using the Veterans Affairs Central Cancer 
     Registry, and provide such information to Congress as 
     required under subsection (d).
       (d) Follow-Up Reports.--The Secretary shall periodically 
     submit to the Congress an updated report under subsection 
     (b), as determined by the Secretary.
       (e) Definitions.--In this section:
       (1) The term ``Secretary'' means the Secretary of Veterans 
     Affairs.
       (2) The term ``Vietnam era'' has the meaning given such 
     term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code.
       (3) The term ``covered veterans of the Vietnam era'' means 
     veterans who served in the Vietnam theater of operations 
     during the Vietnam era.

     SEC. 3. MODIFICATION OF CERTAIN HOUSING LOAN FEES.

       The loan fee table in section 3729(b)(2) of title 38, 
     United States Code, is amended by striking ``November 15, 
     2031'' each place it appears and inserting ``November 29, 
     2031''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. Bost) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Takano) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois.


                             General Leave

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Illinois?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4424, as amended, 
introduced by my friend and fellow veteran, Mr. LaLota from New York. 
Representative LaLota's bill would require VA to conduct a study and 
produce a report on the frequency of bile duct cancer for veterans who 
served in and around the Vietnam war.
  Mr. Speaker, it goes without saying that many veterans and Vietnam 
veterans suffered greatly in their service to their country. Thousands 
of Vietnam veterans still live with the invisible and visible wounds of 
war today.
  Eating uncooked fish while deployed over 60 years ago may have added 
to that harm. Certain undercooked fish contain a parasite known as a 
liver fluke, which can cause infection and scarring that could lead to 
bile duct cancer.
  This type of cancer is a rare form of cancer and is in the U.S. but 
is more common in Southeast Asia. The study in this bill would rightly 
require VA to determine if the bile duct cancer is a result of the 
Vietnam-era veterans' deployment in that region.
  One of the VA's most important missions is to take care of veterans' 
service-connected injuries. This study would help uphold that sacred 
mission. This bill is also an important step in continuing to ensure 
our Vietnam veterans receive the respect and care they have earned.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. LaLota for his vitally important work on 
this bill, and I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 4424, as 
amended.

[[Page H5278]]

  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H.R. 4424, the Vietnam 
Veterans Liver Fluke Cancer Study Act, as amended.
  Liver fluke is a serious parasitic infection that is a well-
recognized risk factor for the development of bile duct cancer.
  H.R. 4424, as amended, would require VA, in consultation with the 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to commence an 
epidemiological study on the prevalence of bile duct cancer in veterans 
who served in the Vietnam war versus their nonveteran U.S. resident 
counterparts. This legislation requires VA to submit a regular report 
with the results of the study broken out by age, gender, race, 
ethnicity, and geographic location.
  I certainly understand why Vietnam war veterans would be concerned 
about their exposure to this disease and believe we should do 
everything possible to ensure veterans have access to care and 
treatment for diseases they may have been exposed to as a part of their 
service.
  Mr. Speaker, while I have concerns that this effort is duplicative 
given VA's previous and ongoing research on this disorder, I welcome 
additional research and will support the bill today, and I urge my 
colleagues to do the same.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. LaLota), the sponsor of the bill.
  Mr. LaLOTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, a Marine Corps 
veteran, for yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, there is an obvious link between liver fluke disease and 
our Vietnam veterans' service in that war, but the VA won't cover their 
care. My bill would help fix that and do right by our Vietnam veterans.
  Data from multiple studies clearly demonstrate Vietnam veterans have 
a much greater chance of contracting, suffering from, and dying from 
the liver fluke parasite, yet the VA does not help veterans who are 
fighting liver fluke disease. That is wrong, Mr. Speaker.
  The correlation between the liver fluke parasite and service in 
Vietnam is obvious. In 2018, the Northport VA Medical Center conducted 
a first-of-its-kind study using a 50-veteran sample size. The initial 
results of that study highlighted three things: a substantial need for 
greater study of this issue; two, the development of standardized 
treatment options; and three, broader accessibility of care for 
veterans at VA facilities across the country.
  That study was 6 years ago and could have been justification enough 
for the VA to start covering affected Vietnam veterans, but the VA 
insisted on another study. A second study was ordered. After years of 
delays, supposedly due to the pandemic, a more recent study finally 
concluded in 2024. The 2024 study affirmed what so many Vietnam 
veterans have been saying for years, that there is indeed a link 
between the liver fluke disease and service in Vietnam.

                              {time}  1730

  Specifically, the study in which Marine Corps veterans participated 
demonstrate that there is a 30 percent greater risk of mortality from 
this liver fluke disease for marines who served in the Vietnam war 
theater as compared to marines who served elsewhere.
  Mr. Speaker, you would think these findings, coupled with the 2018 
findings, would be justification enough for the VA to start covering 
affected Vietnam veterans. Yet, after multiple in-depth studies which 
corroborate the link between our veterans' service in Vietnam and the 
rare liver fluke disease, the VA still says these studies still are not 
enough.
  To fight the VA's ambivalence towards these Vietnam veterans, I am 
urging all of my colleagues to support my bipartisan legislation, H.R. 
4424, the Vietnam Veterans Liver Fluke Cancer Study Act.
  This act would require the VA, in conjunction with the Centers for 
Disease Control and Prevention, to conduct a third study to determine 
the prevalence of liver fluke amongst the Vietnam veteran population.
  If the VA won't take action, then we will continue to force them to 
confront the facts until they come to the same conclusion as the rest 
of us.
  Our Vietnam veterans are dying every day, and we do not have the 
luxury of time. Too much time has passed already. We went through a 
similar and terrible situation with our blue water Navy veterans and 
Agent Orange. Let us not make the same mistake with liver fluke.
  I thank Chairman Bost and Ranking Member Takano for their leadership 
and support of this critical legislation. Together, we can make sure 
that our Vietnam veterans get the care, recognition, and support they 
so rightfully deserve.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on this particular 
legislation, I am ready to close, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield 
myself the balance of my time to close.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 
4424, the Vietnam Veterans Liver Fluke Cancer Study Act, as amended, 
and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, once again, I also encourage Members to 
support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost) that the House suspend the rules and 
pass the bill, H.R. 4424, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5278-H5280]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




         VETERANS ACCESSIBILITY ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT OF 2024

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 7342) to establish the Veterans Advisory Committee on Equal 
Access, and for other purposes as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7342

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Veterans Accessibility 
     Advisory Committee Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. VETERANS ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON EQUAL ACCESS.

       (a) Establishment.--
       (1) In general.--Not later than 180 days after the date of 
     the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
     shall establish within the Department of Veterans Affairs an 
     advisory committee on matters relating to accessibility of 
     the Department for individuals with disabilities.
       (2) Designation.--The advisory committee established by 
     paragraph (1) shall be known as the ``Veterans Advisory 
     Committee on Equal Access'' (in this section the ``Advisory 
     Committee'').
       (b) Membership.--
       (1) Voting members.--The Advisory Committee shall be 
     composed of 15 voting members, appointed by the Secretary of 
     Veterans Affairs. In appointing such members, the Secretary 
     shall ensure the following:
       (A) Four are veterans with disabilities, including mobility 
     impairment, hearing, visual, and mental or cognitive 
     disabilities.
       (B) Four are experts on issues described in subsection 
     (f)(1)(A) or the provisions of law set forth under subsection 
     (f)(1)(B).
       (C) Two are employees of the Department, one from the 
     Section 508 Office and one from the Architectural 
     Accessibility Program, who oversee the compliance of the 
     Department with Federal accessibility laws.
       (D) Five are representatives nominated by national veterans 
     service organizations that advocate for veterans with 
     physical, sensory, mental, or cognitive disabilities.
       (2) Ex officio members.--The Advisory Committee shall also 
     include four ex officio members (or their designees):
       (A) The Under Secretary for Health.
       (B) The Under Secretary for Benefits.
       (C) The Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs.
       (D) The chairperson of the Architectural and Transportation 
     Barriers Compliance Board (known as the ``Access Board'').
       (c) Terms; Vacancies.--
       (1) Terms.--A member of the Advisory Committee shall be 
     appointed for a term of two years. The Secretary may 
     reappoint members to the Advisory Committee for such 
     additional two-year terms as the Secretary determines 
     appropriate.
       (2) Vacancies.--The Secretary shall fill a vacancy in the 
     Advisory Committee in the same manner as the original 
     appointment

[[Page H5279]]

     not later than 180 days after such vacancy occurs.
       (d) Meetings.--
       (1) Frequency.--The Advisory Committee shall meet not less 
     frequently than twice each year.
       (2) Subcommittees.--The Advisory Committee may form 
     subcommittees, which shall meet as often as required.
       (3) Quorum.--A majority of the members of the Advisory 
     Committee shall constitute a quorum.
       (e) Chairperson.--Members of the Advisory Committee shall 
     select a Chairperson from among the members of the Advisory 
     Committee. If the position of Chairperson becomes vacant, the 
     members of the Advisory Committee shall select a new 
     Chairperson not later than 30 days after the date on which 
     the position became vacant.
       (f) Duties.--
       (1) Requirement to consult and seek advice.--On a regular 
     basis, the Secretary shall consult with and seek the advice 
     of the Advisory Committee--
       (A) on improving the accessibility of the Department for 
     individuals with disabilities, including improving--
       (i) the accessibility of information of the Department, 
     including electronic information;
       (ii) the accessibility of the services and benefits 
     furnished by the Department;
       (iii) the accessibility of the facilities of the 
     Department;
       (iv) the accessibility of facilities of health care 
     providers furnishing care or services under the Veterans 
     Community Care Program under section 1703 of title 38, United 
     States Code; and
       (v) the acquisition process of the Department to ensure 
     that products and services, including information technology 
     and information and communication technology (as defined in 
     the standards issued by the Architectural and Transportation 
     Barriers Compliance Board pursuant to section 508 of the 
     Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794d)), are accessible 
     when purchased; and
       (B) for ensuring the compliance of the Department with 
     provisions of law relating to disability and accessibility, 
     including--
       (i) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 
     12184 et seq.);
       (ii) sections 504 and 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 
     (29 U.S.C. 791, 794, and 794d);
       (iii) the Plain Writing Act of 2010 (5 U.S.C. 301 note);
       (iv) the 21st Century Integrated Digital Experience Act (44 
     U.S.C. 3501 note);
       (v) the Architectural Barriers Act of 1968 (Public Law 90-
     480); and
       (vi) such other provisions of Federal law as may be that 
     ensure equal access to Federal facilities, benefits, or 
     services for individuals with disabilities.
       (2) Provision of advice.--In providing advice to the 
     Secretary, the Advisory Committee shall, focusing on the 
     areas of greatest need for the Department--
       (A) assess the disability access needs of veterans, the 
     public, and Department employees for full access to the 
     Department's information, services, and benefits by reviewing 
     relevant information, such as filed complaints by people with 
     disabilities or physical assessments of the Department's 
     facilities;
       (B) provide assessments of accessibility at the Department 
     and the compliance of the Department with applicable 
     provisions of law relating to disability and accessibility; 
     and
       (C) provide advice on improving accessibility at the 
     Department, including the accessibility of all--
       (i) communications, including internal and public facing;
       (ii) services and benefits; and
       (iii) facilities.
       (3) Reports.--
       (A) Reports to the secretary.--Not later than two years 
     after the date of the first meeting of the Advisory 
     Committee, and not less frequently than once every two years 
     thereafter, the Advisory Committee shall submit to the 
     Secretary a report that, focusing on areas of greatest need 
     for the Department--
       (i) identifies and assesses access barriers affecting 
     veterans, the public, and employees of the Department;
       (ii) determines the extent to which the programs and 
     activities of the Department address the barriers identified 
     in clause (i), including compliance of the Department with 
     provisions of law relating to accessibility law and 
     reporting;
       (iii) provides recommendations and access priorities to 
     improve the accessibility of the Department's services, 
     benefits, information, technology, and facilities;
       (iv) provides a description of access improvements and 
     assesses the Department's implementation of recommendations 
     from previous reports of the Advisory Committee, including 
     any unmet recommendations that remain necessary for improving 
     accessibility for the Department; and
       (v) provides any recommendations for legislation, 
     administrative action, or other actions that the Advisory 
     Committee determines appropriate.
       (B) Reports to congress and federal agencies.--
       (i) In general.--Not later than 90 days after the receipt 
     of a report required under subparagraph (A), the Secretary 
     shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a 
     copy of such report and any comments and recommendations of 
     the Secretary concerning such report that the Secretary 
     determines appropriate.
       (ii) Availability to the public.--The Secretary shall 
     publish on a publicly accessible website of the Department 
     such report and such comments and recommendations as may have 
     been submitted along with such report.
       (iii) Appropriate congressional committees.--In this 
     subparagraph, the term ``appropriate congressional 
     committees'' means--

       (I) the Committees on Veterans' Affairs of the Senate and 
     House of Representatives;
       (II) the Special Committee on Aging of the Senate; and
       (III) the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the 
     House of Representatives.

       (g) Advisory Committee Personnel and Resource Matters.--
       (1) Compensation of members.--A member of the Commission 
     who is not an officer or employee of the Federal Government 
     shall not be compensated for the performance of the duties of 
     the Advisory Committee.
       (2) Travel expenses.--A member of the Advisory Committee 
     shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu 
     of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies 
     under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States 
     Code, while away from their homes or regular places of 
     business in the performance of services for the Advisory 
     Committee.
       (3) Resources.--The Secretary shall ensure that such 
     personnel, funding, and other resources are made available to 
     the Advisory Committee as the Secretary determines 
     appropriate to carry out the duties of the Advisory 
     Committee.
       (4) Information.--The Secretary shall furnish to the 
     Advisory Committee such information as the Advisory Committee 
     may request from the Secretary, subject to applicable 
     provisions of law.
       (h) Termination of Advisory Committee.--The Advisory 
     Committee shall terminate on the date that is 10 years after 
     the date of the enactment of this Act.

     SEC. 3. ABOLITION OF INACTIVE ADVISORY COMMITTEE.

       Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of 
     this Act and before establishing the Veterans Advisory 
     Committee on Equal Access under section 2, the Secretary of 
     Veterans Affairs shall--
       (1) abolish an advisory committee of the Department of 
     Veterans Affairs that--
       (A) was not established by an Act of Congress; and
       (B) is inactive;
       (2) consolidate two advisory committees described in 
     paragraph (1); or
       (3) submit to the Committees on Veterans' Affairs of the 
     Senate and House of Representatives a recommendation to 
     abolish an advisory committee of the Department that--
       (A) was established by an Act of Congress; and
       (B) is inactive.

     SEC. 4. MODIFICATION OF CERTAIN HOUSING LOAN FEES.

       The loan fee table in section 3729(b)(2) of title 38, 
     United States Code, is amended by striking ``November 15, 
     2031'' each place it appears and inserting ``November 29, 
     2031''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Lopez). Pursuant to the rule, the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost) and the gentleman from California 
(Mr. Takano) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois.


                             General Leave

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 
5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks on H.R. 
7342, as amended.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Illinois?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7342, offered by my 
friend and colleague, Congressman  David Valadao of California.
  This bill would direct the Department of Veterans Affairs to 
establish the Veterans Advisory Committee on Equal Access. The 
committee would advise the VA Secretary on how to improve access to VA 
services, programs, and facilities for veterans living with 
disabilities to enhance their experience at VA.
  The committee would rightfully bring together veterans with 
disabilities, subject matter experts, VA employees, and representatives 
of veterans service organizations to get to the heart of the matter.
  Mr. Speaker, it goes without saying that this is long overdue.
  Americans with disabilities are entitled to equal access to 
healthcare and benefits nationwide, and that includes at VA. Congress 
made that very clear through the Americans with Disabilities Act and 
other laws, but veterans with disabilities are still being shortchanged 
far too often.
  We know these accessible gaps still exist because of the work of the 
Paralyzed Veterans of America, the Blinded

[[Page H5280]]

Veterans Association, other VSOs and advocacy groups, and the work of 
this committee.
  I thank them for their collaboration with Congress on this 
legislation. Their only focus is to eliminate barriers and achieve 
universal access and equality for veterans living with disabilities. 
This is an important goal, and I believe the advisory committee is well 
justified.
  I also share many of my colleagues' concerns about the growth of 
advisory committees in the Federal Government. There are simply too 
many. That is why this legislation would direct VA to eliminate or 
consolidate an inactive advisory committee.
  This bill is a reasonable step forward to use VA resources wisely and 
ultimately improve access for veterans living with disabilities.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 7342, as 
amended, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7342, as amended, the 
Veterans Accessibility Advisory Committee Act of 2024. This bill 
establishes an advisory committee that brings disabled veterans' voices 
into the fold and provides a seat at the table with top decisionmakers 
at VA.
  Access is an issue I have sought to champion during my time in 
Congress, and particularly during my time with the Veterans' Affairs 
Committee.
  Disabled veterans still face many barriers in accessing the care and 
services they have rightfully earned. Those barriers deserve the time 
and attention of a VA advisory committee so that experts can come 
together to improve how veterans with disabilities access their care 
and benefits.
  Advocates like the Blinded Veterans Association, Paralyzed Veterans 
of America, and Disabled American Veterans, have been tireless voices 
in our communities, raising awareness of these issues.
  Establishing a Veterans Accessibility Advisory Committee will provide 
a direct line for these voices to be heard and for change to be made at 
VA so that all veterans can access their care and benefits with ease.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. Valadao), who has sponsored the bill.
  Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding, and I 
thank him and his committee for all their help on getting this bill 
here.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support my bill, 
the Veterans Accessibility Advisory Committee Act. Sadly, many disabled 
veterans in the Central Valley and across the country are facing 
barriers in accessing the critical services they need. From struggling 
with physical infrastructure at VA facilities to navigating the red 
tape in the benefits process, disabled veterans are too often getting 
left behind.
  Doorways that are too narrow, elevators that are constantly out of 
service, and exam rooms that aren't big enough to accommodate 
wheelchairs are just a few obstacles veterans face when trying to 
receive care.
  Serving disabled veterans is a critical part of the VA's mission, but 
they need to do more to ensure the unique needs of disabled veterans 
are being heard.
  By establishing a permanent advisory committee within the VA, my bill 
ensures disabled veterans have a seat at the table in providing 
feedback so they can easily access the benefits, services, and 
facilities they have earned.
  We cannot leave our disabled veterans behind. Our veterans have 
sacrificed so much for our Nation, and they deserve a VA that is 
responsive to their needs.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield 
myself the balance of my time to close.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 
7342, the Veterans Accessibility Advisory Committee Act of 2024, and I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support 
this legislation to improve access to VA services for veterans with 
disabilities, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost) that the House suspend the rules and 
pass the bill, H.R. 7342, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5280-H5281]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              CLEAR COMMUNICATION FOR VETERANS CLAIMS ACT

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 7816) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to seek to 
enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and 
development center for an assessment of notice letters that the 
Secretary sends to claimants for benefits under laws administered by 
the Secretary, and for other purposes, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7816

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Clear Communication for 
     Veterans Claims Act''.

     SEC. 2. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF NOTICES THAT THE SECRETARY 
                   OF VETERANS AFFAIRS SENDS TO CLAIMANTS.

       (a) Agreement.--Not later than 30 days after the date of 
     the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
     shall seek to enter into an agreement with an FFRDC for an 
     assessment of notices that the Secretary sends to claimants.
       (b) Assessment.--An FFRDC that enters to an agreement under 
     subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary a written 
     assessment of such notices. The assessment shall include the 
     following:
       (1) The determination of the FFRDC, made in consultation 
     with covered entities, whether each such notice may be 
     feasibly altered to reduce paper consumption by, and costs 
     to, the Federal Government.
       (2) The recommendations of the FFRDC regarding how the 
     Secretary may make such notices clearer to claimants, better 
     organized, and more concise.
       (c) Report; Implementation.--Not later than 90 days after 
     the Secretary receives the assessment under subsection (b), 
     the Secretary shall--
       (1) submit to the Committees on Veterans' Affairs of the 
     Senate and House of Representatives a copy of such 
     assessment; and
       (2) implement the recommendations in the assessment that 
     are in compliance with the laws administered by the 
     Secretary.
       (d) Deadline for Implementation.--The Secretary shall 
     complete the implementation of such recommendations pursuant 
     to subsection (c)(2) by not later than one year after the 
     date on which the Secretary commences such implementation.
       (e) Definitions.--In this section:
       (1) The term ``FFRDC'' means a federally funded research 
     and development center.
       (2) The term ``covered entities'' includes--
       (A) the Secretary of Veterans Affairs;
       (B) an expert in laws administered by the Secretary of 
     Veterans Affairs;
       (C) a veterans service organization recognized under 
     section 5902 of title 38, United States Code; and
       (D) an entity that advocates for veterans.
       (3) The terms ``claimant'' and ``notice'' have the meanings 
     given such terms in section 5100 of title 38, United States 
     Code.

     SEC. 3. EXTENSION OF CERTAIN LIMITS ON PAYMENTS OF PENSION.

       Section 5503(d)(7) of title 38, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``November 30, 2031'' and inserting 
     ``December 31, 2031''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. Bost) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Takano) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois.


                             General Leave

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 
5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks on H.R. 
7816, as amended.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Illinois?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7816, as amended. This 
bill was introduced by my colleague, Representative Duarte, and I am a 
proud cosponsor.
  This bill, H.R. 7816, as amended, would require VA to contract with a

[[Page H5281]]

research entity to improve the notice letters VA sends to veterans and 
survivors who file claims for VA benefits.
  VA is required to provide information throughout the VA claims 
process to veterans and their survivors who have filed claims for VA 
benefits.
  However, at a recent oversight hearing, we heard from veterans and 
their advocates that VA's notice letters are difficult to understand, 
too long, filled with legal jargon, and contained information that is 
not relevant to a veteran's or survivor's overall claim.
  These complex letters have caused veterans and survivors confusion 
and stress. Some have become so overwhelmed that they abandon their 
claims.
  This is unacceptable. As a veteran myself, I have also received these 
complex letters. A veteran shouldn't have to be a Member of Congress or 
an attorney to understand his or her rights under the claims process.
  H.R. 7816, as amended, would ensure that VA's notice letters do not 
discourage veterans from accessing the benefits they have earned.
  This legislation would ensure that VA sends veterans and survivors 
understandable notice letters so that they can make informed decisions 
about their claims.
  I thank the veterans service organizations for their support and help 
in drafting this bill.
  I also thank Ranking Member Takano and his staff for working with 
Representative Duarte and me to make the changes necessary to move this 
bill forward.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 7816, as amended, 
and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H.R. 7816, the Clear 
Communication for Veterans Claims Act, as amended.
  When a veteran applies for benefits at VA, the agency corresponds 
with that veteran at multiple points in the process regarding their 
claim. This communication is often through letters which can be densely 
laden with legal jargon and confusing information which makes it hard 
for the veteran to understand what is required of them or the benefits 
decision VA has arrived at.
  Now, this can lead the veteran to miss important deadlines or fail to 
submit proper documentation which can ultimately lead to the rejection 
of their claims.
  Now, VA has launched an internal review of these notice letters and 
has already redrafted many of them to be more direct and easier to 
understand. However, VA can also use some outside help in reviewing the 
literally thousands of different possible letters they might send a 
veteran.

                              {time}  1745

  H.R. 7816 seeks to provide that assistance. Specifically, it mandates 
that VA make its notice letters, documents that explain decisions on 
benefits, shorter, clearer, and easier for veterans and their families 
to understand.
  This bill requires the VA to contract with a third party to assess 
and recommend improvements to these letters, which often contain 
complex legalese that can confuse veterans.
  The bill also sets deadlines for action. The VA must contract with a 
federally funded research and development center, or FFRDC, to evaluate 
these communications within 30 days of the bill's enactment and submit 
its recommendation within 90 days. This effort aims to streamline the 
claims process and reduce the stress and confusion many veterans face 
when dealing with their benefits.
  Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 7816 and urge my colleagues to do the 
same, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. Duarte), our colleague who is the 
sponsor of this bill.
  Mr. DUARTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
Bost) for yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the Clear 
Communication for Veterans Claims Act. I am proud that the House is 
considering my bill on the floor today and for the support of Democrats 
and Republicans so that veterans can obtain the benefits they have 
earned in service to our Nation.
  I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost) for his support of 
this bill and my Democrat co-lead, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. 
Budzinski), for joining me on this important legislation. This bill is 
a testament to what Congress can achieve when working across party 
lines.
  Since coming to office, I have led several veterans' townhalls across 
California's Central Valley. One topic that continues to come up is the 
daunting challenge that our veterans, young and old, face when applying 
for and receiving benefits through the VA after their service to our 
Nation, and this is unacceptable.
  Currently, when a veteran applies for benefits or files a claim with 
the VA, the VA responds in writing and often provides updates in 
writing.
  At a Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing in March 2024, it became 
clear that the VA's effort to make these letters easy to understand, to 
guide veterans through the process, have failed. We learned the VA 
letters are often lengthy, packed with indecipherable legal jargon, 
sometimes omit crucial information needed to advance a claim, and can 
be over 20 pages long. These letters cause confusion, anxiety, and 
stress among our veterans, and some veterans are so overwhelmed that 
they give up on their claims entirely.
  The Clear Communication for Veterans Claims Act would require the VA 
to work with a federally funded research and development center to 
simplify the notification letters for VA benefits, including disability 
compensation, disability ratings, health benefits, and education.
  This bill would require the VA to contract with a FFRDC to assess the 
letters sent to veterans within 30 days. Within 90 days of receiving 
the assessment, the VA would be required to notify Congress and 
implement any recommendations from the FFRDC.
  This legislation is supported by numerous veterans' groups across 
California, including the Paralyzed Veterans of America, Disabled 
American Veterans, the National Organization of Veterans' Advocates, 
the American Legion, as well as the Stanislaus County Veterans Advisory 
Commission.
  Their endorsements underscore the vital need for this reform. We must 
uphold our commitment to those who have bravely served our country. As 
a Congressman, I am always honored to help Central Valley veterans get 
their benefits. This bill is a step toward correcting the flawed VA 
claims process to help ensure our veterans get the care and benefits 
they earned from a grateful Nation.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost) for 
supporting the Clear Communication for Veterans Claims Act. I urge my 
colleagues to support this bill.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I am 
prepared to close.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I ask all my colleagues to join 
me in supporting H.R. 7816, the Clear Communication for Veterans Claims 
Act, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I encourage all Members to support 
this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost) that the House suspend the rules and 
pass the bill, H.R. 7816, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5281-H5283]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




       COLONEL OLA LEE MIZE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CLINIC

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 5464) to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based 
outpatient clinic in Guntersville, Alabama, as the ``Colonel Ola Lee 
Mize Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 5464

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

[[Page H5282]]

  


     SECTION 1. NAME OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS COMMUNITY-
                   BASED OUTPATIENT CLINIC, GUNTERSVILLE, ALABAMA.

       The Department of Veterans Affairs community-based 
     outpatient clinic located at 100 Judy Smith Drive, 
     Guntersville, Alabama, shall after the date of the enactment 
     of this Act be known and designated as the ``Colonel Ola Lee 
     Mize Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic''. Any reference 
     to such clinic in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, 
     or other record of the United States shall be considered to 
     be a reference to the Colonel Ola Lee Mize Department of 
     Veterans Affairs Clinic.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. Bost) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Takano) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois.


                             General Leave

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks on 
H.R. 5464.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Illinois?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5464, a bill to name the 
Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in 
Guntersville, Alabama, as the Colonel Ola Lee Mize Department of 
Veterans Affairs Clinic.
  Ola Mize was born on August 28, 1931, in Albertville, Alabama. 
Although he was initially rejected by the U.S. Army for being 
underweight, after much persistence, he joined the Army in 1950 and was 
assigned to the 82nd Airborne Division.
  When the Korean war broke out, rather than pursuing an education, Ola 
Mize decided to reenlist. On the night of June 10, 1953, Sergeant 
Mize's unit was defending an outpost, Outpost Harry, when they came 
under artillery fire. This fire was shortly followed by an assault by a 
battalion-sized force of Chinese troops, which quickly overran the 
Americans' position.
  Sergeant Mize then took his rifle and began taking defensive action, 
killing around 40 enemy troops.
  When nearly all the officers were casualties, he took the initiative 
to establish a defensive position. Sergeant Mize and his team went from 
bunker to bunker, firing at the enemy, confusing them into thinking 
Americans had a larger defense position than they actually did.
  With all the chaos going on around him, he worked tirelessly to 
assist the wounded and put them into makeshift shelters away from enemy 
fire.
  The next morning, Sergeant Mize led a counterattack, wiping out the 
remaining enemy.
  For his action, Ola Mize was awarded the Medal of Honor by President 
Eisenhower on September 7, 1954. After receiving the Medal of Honor, he 
continued his service, being awarded the Silver Star for Valor and for 
his service in Vietnam.
  Ola Mize retired from the Army as a colonel in 1981.
  Stories of heroes like Colonel Mize should continue to be told to 
generations of Americans.
  By naming the VA clinic in his honor, we will surely do just that. 
Colonel Mize's service to our country and his legacy will always be 
remembered, and I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Aderholt), the 
sponsor, as well as the entire Alabama delegation for leading this 
effort.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5464, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H.R. 5464, a bill to 
designate the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient 
clinic in Guntersville, Alabama, as the Colonel Ola Lee Mize Department 
of Veterans Affairs Clinic.
  Colonel Mize's story is one of heroism and perseverance. His actions 
saved lives and helped turn the tide of conflict. I am glad to support 
this bill to honor his service.
  Like many servicemembers, Mr. Mize joined the Army seeking to support 
his family. He was the son of Alabama sharecroppers and had to leave 
school in the ninth grade. Despite initially being rejected due to his 
small stature, he persevered and was accepted.
  After a peacetime tour of duty, Mr. Mize reenlisted when the Korean 
war began.
  As a member of the Army's Company K, 15th Infantry Regiment, 3rd 
Infantry Division, and now a sergeant, Mr. Mize was stationed to defend 
a strategic posting known as Outpost Harry. His actions in this posting 
are nothing short of heroic.
  He bravely answered the call to help a medic rescue an injured 
soldier at a listening post and brought him back to safety.
  Sergeant Mize then fought his way to assist an American machine gun 
nest that had been overrun. On his way, he was blown down three 
separate times by artillery and grenade blasts, but he returned to his 
astounded men alive.
  Sergeant Mize brought down as many as 65 enemy soldiers and helped 
rescue the outpost for the American forces. Of 56 Americans involved in 
the Outpost Harry fighting, only 8 survived, but Sergeant Mize's 
actions helped ensure that number was as high as it was.
  In a testament to his loyalty to his men, Sergeant Mize initially 
refused the Medal of Honor when he was told that he would be honored 
with it, saying it should go to mark their bravery instead.
  When he did finally accept it from President Eisenhower in 1954, he 
accepted it on behalf of his men.
  Despite demonstrating more than enough valor for one lifetime, 
Colonel Mize received a commission with the U.S. Special Forces and 
served four tours of duty, including three in Vietnam with the Army 
Green Berets.
  In addition to his Medal of Honor, throughout his military career, he 
was awarded the Legion of Merit twice, the Silver Star, the Bronze Star 
five times, and the Purple Heart, among others.
  After an assignment to the Special Forces School, he retired as a 
full colonel in 1981.
  As a nation, we must remember Colonel Mize's sense of duty, loyalty 
to his men, and heroism. I can think of no better way to honor him.
  Mr. Speaker, I support this important piece of legislation. I ask 
that my colleagues do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield such time as he may 
consume to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Aderholt), the sponsor of 
this bill.
  Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this 
legislation, H.R. 5464, to rename the Guntersville, Alabama, community-
based veterans outpatient clinic to the Colonel Ola Lee Mize Department 
of Veterans Affairs Clinic.
  I was proud to introduce this bill in honor of Colonel Ola Lee Mize, 
a true American hero from Alabama's Fourth Congressional District, 
which I am honored to represent.
  Ola Lee Mize was a native of Alabama's Fourth Congressional District. 
He was born and raised in Albertville, a town next to Guntersville, 
where this clinic is located.
  In 1954, as it has been stated, Colonel Mize was awarded the Medal of 
Honor, which is the highest military honor, by President Dwight D. 
Eisenhower for his heroic actions in saving a wounded soldier and 
leading a successful military operation in defense of Outpost Harry, as 
it has been described by my colleagues.
  According to reports, on that day, of the 56 Americans involved in 
the Outpost Harry battle, only 8 survived. Colonel Mize served his 
country with honor for more than 30 years in the United States Army.
  Among his many other accomplishments were numerous additional 
deployments, including multiple tours in Vietnam as a Green Beret, 
rising to the rank of colonel and serving as commander of the Special 
Forces School at Fort Bragg, North Carolina.

                              {time}  1800

  In addition to the Medal of Honor, Colonel Mize's other military 
declarations include two Legion of Merits, the Silver Star, five Bronze 
Stars, and the Purple Heart.
  Following his retirement from the Army in 1982, Colonel Mize spent 
his remaining years in Gadsden, Alabama, in neighboring Etowah County, 
until he passed away in 2014.
  He is survived by his wife, Betty Mize, and a daughter, Teresa 
Peterson, and numerous grandchildren and great-grandchildren.

[[Page H5283]]

  Like I said before, Colonel Mize was a true American hero, and the 
people of Alabama's Fourth Congressional District are proud to call him 
our own. We will not forget the legacy he left behind, and neither 
should any American. That is why renaming the veterans clinic in 
Guntersville will honor Colonel Mize's service and inspire future 
generations of Alabamians.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Chairman Bost and Ranking Member 
Takano, for their work in bringing this legislation to the floor today.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting 
this legislation.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in 
passing H.R. 5464 to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs 
community-based outpatient clinic in Guntersville, Alabama, as the 
Colonel Ola Lee Mize Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of our Members to support this 
legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost) that the House suspend the rules and 
pass the bill, H.R. 5464.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5283-H5284]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              RESTORING BENEFITS TO DEFRAUDED VETERANS ACT

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 4190) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs to repay the estates of deceased 
beneficiaries for certain benefits paid by the Secretary and misused by 
fiduciaries of such beneficiaries, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 4190

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Restoring Benefits to 
     Defrauded Veterans Act''.

     SEC. 2. REISSUANCE BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS OF 
                   ESTATES OF DECEASED BENEFICIARIES FOR CERTAIN 
                   BENEFITS PAID BY THE SECRETARY AND MISUSED BY 
                   FIDUCIARIES.

       Section 6107 of title 38, United States Code, is amended--
       (1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections 
     (d) and (e), respectively;
       (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new 
     subsection (c):
       ``(c) Reissuance of Amounts in the Case of a Deceased 
     Beneficiary.--(1) If a beneficiary described in subsection 
     (a) predeceases a payment under subsection (a) or (b), the 
     Secretary shall pay such benefits, subject to paragraph (2), 
     to an individual or entity in accordance with section 5121 of 
     this title.
       ``(2) The Secretary may not make a payment under this 
     subsection to a fiduciary who misused benefits of the 
     beneficiary.''; and
       (3) in subsection (e), as redesdignated, by striking 
     ``subsection (a) or (b)'' and inserting ``this section''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. Bost) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Takano) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois.


                             General Leave

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks on 
H.R. 4190, as amended.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Illinois?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4190, as 
amended.
  This bill was introduced by Representative Trone. It ensures that no 
fiduciary who steals a veteran's earned VA benefits can profit from 
their misuse if the veteran passes.
  Mr. Speaker, I support the bill wholeheartedly, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H.R. 4190, the 
Restoring Benefits to Defrauded Veterans Act, as amended.
  Mr. Speaker, it is an unfortunate reality that veterans, especially 
elderly veterans, find themselves as prime targets for fraud. It is 
even more unfortunate that oftentimes this fraud is perpetuated by 
those closest to the veteran, sometimes even family and friends who are 
tasked with assisting that veteran.
  Thankfully, VA has a set of policies and procedures for uncovering, 
investigating, and prosecuting that fraud, which includes making 
restitution to the veteran.
  Earlier this year, we passed H.R. 4016, the Veteran Fraud 
Reimbursement Act, introduced by Representative Gerry Connolly, to help 
expedite that process. I urge the Senate to quickly take up that bill, 
as well.
  Sadly, though, it sometimes happens that the veteran who was the 
victim of this fraud passes away before VA is able to make restitution, 
but VA is currently barred from making the estate of that beneficiary 
whole.
  H.R. 4190, introduced by Representative   David Trone, seeks to 
create a set of procedures for VA to follow to restore or reinstate 
benefits for veterans who were defrauded but unfortunately die before 
VA can compensate them.
  More importantly, for those veterans who may have been defrauded by a 
family member, it also prevents VA from repaying benefits to anyone who 
may have been a party to the fraud, regardless of whether they may have 
been named in the veteran's will as an heir.
  Mr. Speaker, we owe our veterans and their survivors all the 
protections we can possibly afford them through the law. H.R. 4190 
offers one more avenue to ensure veterans are receiving the benefits 
they have earned in spite of those who seek to defraud them.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this measure, and I 
encourage the Senate to quickly pass this bill, as well.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I have no speakers on this bill, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
Maryland (Mr. Trone), my good friend who is the author of H.R. 4190. He 
currently serves on the House Appropriations Committee and the Budget 
Committee. He is also a former member of the House Veterans' Affairs 
Committee.
  Mr. TRONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge a ``yes'' vote on my 
bill, the Restoring Benefits to Defrauded Veterans Act.
  Today, we must remember that the courageous men and women who have 
dedicated their lives to defend our country and our freedoms still need 
us. My bill addresses this longstanding issue affecting millions of 
veterans: fraud.
  Just last year, the Federal Trade Commission estimated $477 million 
was stolen from veterans, military personnel, and their spouses. This 
is a $63 million, or 15 percent, increase from the year before.
  Under current law, if a veteran passes away before their case is 
resolved, their family cannot be reimbursed for lost dollars. That is 
unacceptable.
  My bill, the Restoring Benefits to Defrauded Veterans Act, would help 
the veterans and their families reclaim these defrauded dollars and get 
them access to the money that they earned. Specifically, the 
legislation requires the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to reissue the 
misused benefits to a beneficiary's estate in cases where the 
beneficiary passed before the reissuance.
  We must ensure that veterans and their families are able to recapture 
any lost benefits they were scammed out of. It is just the right thing 
to do.
  Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge a ``yes'' vote.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in 
passing H.R. 4190, the Restoring Benefits to Defrauded Veterans Act, 
and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support 
this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.

[[Page H5284]]

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost) that the House suspend the rules and 
pass the bill, H.R. 4190, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5284-H5285]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




       FAIRNESS FOR SERVICEMEMBERS AND THEIR FAMILIES ACT OF 2024

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 2911) to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs to periodically review the automatic 
maximum coverage under the Servicemembers' Group Life Insurance program 
and the Veterans' Group Life Insurance program, and for other purposes, 
as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 2911

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Fairness for Servicemembers 
     and their Families Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. PERIODIC REVIEW OF AUTOMATIC MAXIMUM COVERAGE UNDER 
                   SERVICEMEMBERS' GROUP LIFE INSURANCE AND 
                   VETERANS' GROUP LIFE INSURANCE.

       (a) In General.--Subchapter III of chapter 19 of title 38, 
     United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the 
     following new section:

     ``Sec. 1980B. Periodic review of automatic maximum coverage

       ``(a) In General.--On January 1, 2025, and every five years 
     thereafter, the Secretary shall--
       ``(1) complete a review of how the amount specified in 
     section 1967(a)(3)(A)(i) compares to the amount described in 
     subsection (b); and
       ``(2) submit to the Committees on Veterans' Affairs of the 
     House of Representatives and the Senate the results of the 
     review.
       ``(b) Amount Described.--The amount described in this 
     subsection is the amount equal to--
       ``(1) $500,000; multiplied by
       ``(2) the average percentage by which the Consumer Price 
     Index changed during the five fiscal years preceding the 
     review under subsection (a).
       ``(c) Consumer Price Index Defined.--In this section, the 
     term `Consumer Price Index' means the Consumer Price Index 
     for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor 
     Statistics of the Department of Labor.''.
       (b) Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections at the 
     beginning of chapter 19 of such title is amended by inserting 
     after the item relating to section 1980A the following new 
     item:

``1980B. Periodic review of automatic maximum coverage.''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. Bost) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Takano) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois.


                             General Leave

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks on 
H.R. 2911, as amended.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Illinois?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2911, as amended. This 
bill was introduced by Representative Strickland and co-led by our 
colleagues, Representative Bacon and Representative Turner.
  H.R. 2911, as amended, would require VA to regularly review and 
compare the maximum coverage under the VA life insurance programs with 
average cost-of-living changes across the country.
  Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of 
my time.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H.R. 2911, the Fairness 
for Servicemembers and their Families Act of 2024, as amended.
  Mr. Speaker, last Congress, we passed S. 2794 into law. This bill 
increased the maximum coverage amount under the Servicemembers' Group 
Life Insurance, or SGLI, program and the Veterans' Group Life 
Insurance, or VGLI, program from $400,000 to $500,000.
  Prior to that legislation, however, those maximum coverage amounts 
had not increased since 2005, clearly failing to keep pace with 
inflation.
  To ensure that we are not waiting another decade or more to improve 
this benefit for our servicemembers and veterans, my good friend, 
Representative Marilyn Strickland, has introduced this bill, which 
requires VA to periodically review coverage amounts every 5 years and 
to report to Congress what the level of benefits would be if adjusted 
for inflation over that period.
  This will allow Congress to regularly make a more informed decision 
about whether or not these maximum coverage amounts should be 
increased.
  Mr. Speaker, this is commonsense legislation that allows Congress to 
better do our part to support servicemembers, veterans, and their 
families, and I encourage my colleagues to support it.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Ms. Strickland), my good friend who is the author of H.R. 
2911. She serves on the Armed Services Committee and the Transportation 
and Infrastructure Committee.
  Ms. STRICKLAND. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Takano for 
yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 2911, the 
Fairness for Servicemembers and their Families Act of 2024.
  I first thank Chairmen Bost and Luttrell and Ranking Members Takano 
and Pappas for working with me to get this bill to the floor. I also 
thank my partners in this effort, Congressman   Don Bacon and Senator 
John Cornyn.
  The Fairness for Servicemembers and their Families Act would help 
ensure that life insurance benefits for servicemembers and veterans 
account for changes in the economy. This legislation would require the 
Department of Veterans Affairs to periodically review and report on the 
maximum coverage available under the Servicemembers' Group Life 
Insurance and Veterans' Group Life Insurance. Accurate and reliable 
data will allow the VA to make necessary policy adjustments to ensure 
accurate payments.
  I have the honor of representing Joint Base Lewis-McChord and tens of 
thousands of servicemembers and their families who call the South Sound 
home. Our servicemembers courageously put their lives on the line for 
their country, and it is our duty to reciprocate and help them. This 
means ensuring the well-being of their families and loved ones in the 
event of a tragedy.
  Servicemembers' life insurance plans must keep pace with economic 
demands. A robust life insurance policy can provide a grieving family 
with the security they need to navigate the loss of their loved ones 
with dignity.
  The brave men and women who sacrifice their lives deserve peace of 
mind, knowing that their families will be taken care of.
  For nearly two decades, the maximum coverage of the Servicemembers' 
Group Life Insurance and Veterans' Group Life Insurance programs have 
been stagnant, even as the cost of housing, goods, and services rose, 
as they typically do over time.
  This bill would ensure that these programs are reviewed periodically 
to verify that their value sufficiently reflects the contemporary 
Consumer Price Index.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their unwavering commitment to 
supporting veterans and their families and for prioritizing their care.
  Finally, I will take a point of privilege to thank my Army fellow who 
worked in my office last year, Major Felix Gumbiner, for bringing this 
issue to my attention and for working with the offices of Congressman 
Bacon and Senator Cornyn to develop this legislation.
  Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the House passing the Fairness for 
Servicemembers and their Families Act of 2024 and for it to become the 
law of the land.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in 
passing H.R. 2911, the Fairness for Servicemembers and their Families 
Act of 2024, as amended.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.

[[Page H5285]]

  

  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support 
this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.

                              {time}  1815

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost) that the House suspend the rules and 
pass the bill, H.R. 2911, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5285-H5288]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




     VETERANS BENEFITS CONTINUITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY SUPPLEMENTAL 
                        APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2024

  Mr. MIKE GARCIA of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the 
rules and pass the bill (H.R. 9468) making supplemental appropriations 
for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 9468

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the 
     following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the 
     Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year 
     ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes, namely:

                     DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS

                    Veterans Benefits Administration

                       compensation and pensions

       For an additional amount for ``Compensation and Pensions'', 
     $2,285,513,000, to remain available until expended.

                    Veterans Benefits Administration

                         readjustment benefits

       For an additional amount for ``Readjustment Benefits'', 
     $596,969,000, to remain available until expended.

                      GENERAL PROVISIONS--THIS ACT

       Sec. 101.  Each amount appropriated or made available by 
     this Act is in addition to amounts otherwise appropriated for 
     the fiscal year involved.
       Sec. 102.  Unless otherwise provided for by this Act, the 
     additional amounts appropriated by this Act to appropriations 
     accounts shall be available under the authorities and 
     conditions applicable to such appropriations accounts for 
     fiscal year 2024.
       Sec. 103. (a) Budget Formulation and Forecasting.--Not 
     later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, 
     the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the 
     Committees on Appropriations and the Committees on Veterans 
     Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a 
     report detailing corrections the Department will make to 
     improve forecasting, data quality and budget assumptions 
     relating to budget submissions for funds provided under the 
     headings ``Compensations and Pensions'' and ``Readjustment 
     Benefits''.
       (b) Reporting Requirement.--Not later than 60 days after 
     the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
     shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations and the 
     Committees on Veterans Affairs of the House of 
     Representatives and the Senate a report on status of funds 
     made available under the headings ``Compensations and 
     Pensions'' and ``Readjustment Benefits'' for fiscal years 
     2024, 2025, and 2026 in this or any other Act: Provided, That 
     such report shall be updated and submitted to such Committees 
     every 90 days thereafter until September 30, 2026, and shall 
     include information detailing any changes to estimates or 
     assumptions on obligations and expenditures, including data 
     supporting these changes.
       Sec. 104. (a) The Inspector General of the Department of 
     Veterans Affairs shall conduct a review of the circumstances 
     surrounding and the underlying causes of the announced 
     funding shortfall for the Veterans Benefits Administration 
     for fiscal year 2024 described in the letter to Congress from 
     the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on July 19, 2024, and the 
     announced funding shortfall for the Veterans Health 
     Administration in fiscal year 2025 described in the letter to 
     Congress from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on July 31, 
     2024.
       (b) Relating to the shortfall in the funding of the 
     Veterans Benefits Administration in fiscal year 2024 and the 
     expected shortfall in the funding of the Veterans Health 
     Administration in fiscal year 2025, the review shall include, 
     but not be limited to: a comparison of monthly obligations 
     and expenditures in relevant accounts against the spend plan 
     of the Department; the reasons for any significant diversions 
     of obligations or expenditures from the spend plan; an 
     analysis of the accuracy of projections and estimates 
     relevant to such diversions; and any other matter determined 
     relevant by the Inspector General.
       (c) Relating to the expected shortfall in the funding of 
     the Veterans Health Administration in fiscal year 2025, the 
     review also shall include: any changes, abnormalities, or 
     significant events as determined significant by the Inspector 
     General of the Department of Veterans Affairs in the 
     transfer, reallocation, or other movement of funding between 
     or within the Central Office, a Veterans Integrated Service 
     Network, a facility, a program or office, a special purpose 
     fund, the Veterans Equitable Resource Allocation process, or 
     the Medical Center Allocation System.
       (d) Actions the Department of Veterans Affairs can take to 
     improve the accuracy of supporting information submitted 
     under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, with 
     respect to the Department of Veterans Affairs and to prevent 
     funding shortfalls for the Department.
       (e) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of 
     this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans 
     Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations and 
     the Committees on Veterans Affairs of the House of 
     Representatives and the Senate a report detailing the conduct 
     and findings of the review.
        This Act may be cited as the ``Veterans Benefits 
     Continuity and Accountability Supplemental Appropriations 
     Act, 2024''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
California (Mr.  Mike Garcia) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. 
Wasserman Schultz) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California.


                             General Leave

  Mr. MIKE GARCIA of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent 
that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and 
extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 9468.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from California?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. MIKE GARCIA of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time 
as I may consume.


 =========================== NOTE =========================== 

  
  On September 17, 2024, page H5285, in the third column, the 
following appeared: Mr GARCIA of California. Mr.
  
  The online version has been corrected to read: Mr. MIKE GARCIA 
of California. Mr.


 ========================= END NOTE ========================= 


  Mr. Speaker, today I stand in support of this very important veterans 
supplemental bill.
  My district, as you know, is home to one of the largest veteran 
populations in the country. From World War II to the global war on 
terror, we take pride in knowing that our sons and daughters have 
answered their Nation's call to duty time and time again without 
hesitation.
  They answered the call not for personal gain and not for personal 
glory but out of a deep love for their country and out of deep 
patriotism and a belief that their government, including the VA, would 
always stand behind them.
  They didn't ask for much, just that their government keep its end of 
the bargain. Right now, that belief, that trust, is being tested.
  Due to the VA's mismanagement of their budget, 7 million veterans 
will lose their benefits beginning on October 4 without congressional 
action.
  They will lose their pension benefits, they will lose their GI Bill 
benefits, their burial benefits, life insurance payments, and survivor 
benefits. This is a cliff that happens on September 20 and will affect 
their payments as of October 1.
  As a combat veteran and a former Naval aviator, I was not comfortable 
allowing these benefits to simply lapse.
  My bill, the Veterans Benefits Continuity and Accountability 
Supplemental Appropriations Act, will step in to fill the VA's $2.88 
billion shortfall as a result of their mismanagement, helping to avoid 
a disastrous funding cliff and stepping in where the VA failed.
  My bill does more than just provide funding. It demands 
accountability, which is desperately needed here. It includes oversight 
measures like an inspector general investigation and a requirement for 
the VA to open its financial records to Congress.
  We need to know exactly how this shortfall occurred and ensure that 
every dollar is spent appropriately. To that end, within 30 days, this 
bill requires a report from the VA on corrections made to the budget 
with assumptions for the President's budget request to avoid this type 
of shortfall next year.
  Within 60 days, this bill requires a report on how the VA spent the 
funds appropriated by this bill and requires this report every 90 days 
through FY26.
  At the 180-day mark, it requires a report from the inspector general 
on the findings of his investigation into the causes of this shortfall.
  We can't afford to leave our vets high and dry without the medical 
care and GI benefits that they have earned, but we also can't afford to 
just give the VA a blank check without figuring out the root cause of 
the issue to be solved.

[[Page H5286]]

  This isn't just about funding. It is about fixing a broken system and 
ensuring that our veterans aren't left behind simply because of 
bureaucratic failures. They deserve better, and it is on us as Members 
of Congress and as their Representatives to fix this and get it right.
  I thank Chairman Cole and the Appropriations Committee, Chairman Bost 
and the Committee on Veterans Affairs, as well as Chairman Carter of 
the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and 
Related Agencies for their support on this bill and their ongoing 
investigation into the shortfall to get answers for our vets.
  We owe it to them, our veterans, to honor their service and fulfill 
our country's promise to them. We made a commitment to these men and 
women, and we cannot afford to fall short. This bill does exactly that, 
and I strongly encourage my colleagues to support it.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 9468. This bill will alleviate 
a shortfall in the Veterans Benefits Administration by providing $3 
billion, ensuring veterans receive the benefits that they have 
rightfully earned.
  Without this funding, veterans' and survivors' payments to over 
500,000 individuals scheduled to be delivered on October 1 will be at 
risk.
  This shortfall, unlike what the gentleman just referred to, exists 
because the PACT Act is working. Ever since it was signed into law, the 
VA has been hard at work finding veterans in need of care and cutting 
through the bureaucracy to get them the benefits and medical care that 
they deserve.
  There are now a record number of veterans receiving disability or 
compensation benefits, 6.6 million, up from 6.3 million last year.
  The VA is hard at work, processing a record number of claims 
exceeding 2 million, on pace to break last year's record by 30 percent. 
Veterans are also using the GI Bill and job training benefits at record 
rates.
  Funding this shortfall will ensure that the VA continues delivering 
for veterans. However, this bill alone will not address all the 
pressing funding needs at the VA.
  We know that the VA requires more funding to ensure that the PACT Act 
is fully implemented in the next fiscal year.
  There is another $12 billion shortfall for FY 2025 in the Veterans 
Health Administration also due to increasing demands from the PACT Act.
  The smoke and mirrors that is being stirred up by our friends on the 
other side of the aisle is just that. There is massive demand for 
healthcare benefits and the additional PACT Act benefits that, 
thankfully, Democrats provided under President Biden and Vice President 
Harris' leadership.
  You can see the fact that more veterans are enrolling in VA care. 
Over 412,000 have enrolled in the last 365 days, a 27 percent increase 
year over year. The VA has also seen a record number of healthcare 
appointments, on pace for 127 million in 2024, well exceeding the 
previous year's record.
  The VA's targeted and aggressive outreach to veterans ensures that 
they know about the care and benefits the bipartisan PACT Act made 
available and shows that it is working.
  Although this $3 billion for benefits is critical, I urge my 
Republican colleagues to also support the $12 billion that is needed 
for healthcare in FY 2025 in the continuing budget resolution.
  People who are listening to this discussion should know that 
inexplicably, this funding has been excluded by the Republican majority 
in the CR that goes until March that we understand we are likely voting 
on tomorrow.
  Our friends on the other side of the aisle are going to deprive 
veterans of the vital healthcare that the PACT Act requires that they 
receive and continue to cloud the ability for us to be able to get our 
veterans that care.
  I am a show-me person, not a tell-me person, and so we need to show 
the veterans who have earned these benefits that the PACT Act requires 
we provide for them, and we do that by making sure that we address the 
shortfall that is the result of the demand that we knew there was.
  For so many years, veterans were denied access to the care that they 
earned. The clear exposure to toxic substances while they were in 
battle and while they were defending our country resulted in illnesses 
that now the PACT Act allows them to get access to that healthcare and 
ensure that it is covered.
  If we don't fulfill that $12 billion and make sure that those 
resources are available to our veterans, then our friends on the other 
side of the aisle will be responsible for that.
  As I have said, I support this bill before us, but I am disappointed 
that my colleagues across the aisle did not work in a bipartisan manner 
to draft this legislation.
  Let me be clear; it is not perfect. There is a reporting requirement 
that I would have written differently if we were consulted on that 
language, but it is critical that we get this funding to our veterans 
and survivors before funding runs out.
  Therefore, I do urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. MIKE GARCIA of California. Mr. Speaker, to clarify, I appreciate 
the bipartisan support for this stopgap measure, but this isn't smoke 
and mirrors.
  There are more veterans. There are more benefits. These are good 
things. All we are asking for is that the President's budget request 
and the congressional processes reflect the higher demands and thus, 
the higher dollar values, but also hopefully gain more efficiency and, 
frankly, have the dollars go a little bit further through the VA 
processes.
  That is why the reporting language in this bill is very important, 
but I am glad that this does have bipartisan support.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the great State 
of California (Mr. Valadao), a member of the Subcommittee on Military 
Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies and a hero to the 
Committee on Veterans' Affairs.
  Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.
  I rise today in support of the Veterans Benefits Continuity and 
Accountability Supplemental Appropriations Act, which addresses the $3 
billion mandatory shortfall for disability and education benefits that 
the VA expects to face in October.
  Our veterans have made incredible sacrifices for our country, and it 
is our responsibility to guarantee they receive the benefits they have 
earned.
  We are debating this legislation today because the VA failed to 
properly manage their budget this year, putting the benefits of 
millions of veterans at risk.
  This is unacceptable. Our veterans should not pay the price for the 
VA's mismanagement. This legislation makes good on our Nation's 
commitment to care for the men and women who have served our country.
  It also requires greater oversight on the budget process moving 
forward to hold the VA accountable so that this does not happen again.
  I look forward to voting ``yes'' on this legislation to ensure our 
veterans can continue to access the benefits that they have earned.
  Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. Takano), the distinguished ranking 
member of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs.
  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague, the 
gentlewoman from Florida, for yielding, and I associate myself with all 
of what she has said in the debate so far.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H.R. 9468, legislation 
that addresses a critical funding shortfall at the Veterans Benefits 
Administration, which could delay delivery of crucial veterans' 
education and disability benefits.
  Now, when we passed the Honoring our PACT Act into law, we intended 
that the VA move quickly to implement the law.
  This speed was necessary so that veterans who needed care and 
benefits could receive them as quickly as possible. We also gave VA the 
money necessary to do the work and the authority to move more quickly, 
if it could.
  On day one, President Biden accelerated implementation of the law. 
One year later, VA also hit the gas so that more veterans could enroll 
in VA healthcare more quickly. VA set aggressive goals, and what we are 
seeing

[[Page H5287]]

right now is the result of VA exceeding those goals.

  VA has granted almost 1.2 million PACT Act disability claims. 
Hundreds of thousands of new veterans have been enrolled in healthcare 
at VA. GI Bill and job training benefits are being used at 
unprecedented levels to further veterans' education and careers.
  These are all good things, and I don't think my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle are arguing that they are bad.
  Their rhetoric regarding VA's financial management belies their true 
motive here, which is to take any and every opportunity to bash the 
Biden-Harris administration, in this case for simply providing care and 
benefits to veterans.
  From what we have heard today, it sounds like Republicans are 
begrudgingly willing to fund VBA, when this is the bare minimum that we 
should be doing.
  While I am glad that we are getting the VBA supplemental completed 
this week, I am very concerned and, frankly, disappointed that we are 
also not taking action on the $12 billion Veterans Health 
Administration shortfall.
  The deadline for the VHA shortfall is not this week, but that does 
not make it any less pressing. The time when VHA will need this funding 
is fast approaching, and this Congress has not shown itself to be 
capable of reliably passing funding bills on time.
  Republicans have even refused to include VHA funding in their 
continuing resolution text that was introduced last week and is up for 
a vote tomorrow.
  I have heard the chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee say that 
Congress never fails to fund the VA, and so I am confident that this 
VBA supplemental will pass easily with plenty of support from both 
sides of the aisle, but why the political games with veterans' 
healthcare?
  Why not address it now while we are here working on VBA funding and 
provide veterans and their families and the VA workforce some much-
needed stability? Why not include it in the CR we are voting on 
tomorrow?

                              {time}  1830

  We must get VHA the funding it needs to provide world-class 
healthcare to those who served. Any delay in that care could be 
devastating for veterans. Enough of the brinksmanship. Republicans are 
shorting veterans and their families by not addressing VHA funding now 
along with VBA funding. Democrats are once again charged with being the 
adults in the room and are calling on the majority to do the right 
thing. Pass all of the funding VA needs now and stop any uncertainty 
for veterans. Let's get this done.
  VHA's need for an additional $12 billion is not malfeasance or 
incompetence. More veterans than ever before are accessing VA 
healthcare. We should be celebrating and applauding that fact, not 
denigrating VA and its hardworking staff. When every VA request for 
additional funding is met with suspicion, accusations of mismanagement, 
and derision of VA, what is the true motivation of my colleagues? Is it 
to ensure that VA is able to ensure the necessary care and benefits to 
veterans or is it to extract a pound of political flesh?
  I have no doubt that this bill will pass. It includes added reporting 
requirements that will aid us in our oversight responsibilities, which 
I support. However, let us not assign blame where there is none, and 
let us not denigrate those who wake up daily to do their best to serve 
those who have served our Nation.
  Whatever we do, Mr. Speaker, let us get VA all the resources it needs 
to deliver for our veterans.
  Mr. MIKE GARCIA of California. Mr. Speaker, this isn't about getting 
a pound of political flesh or making this about Republicans versus 
Democrats, left versus right. This is about doing what is right for our 
veterans. The fact is, there is a real cliff that hits at the end of 
this week, and tying it to a CR is a disservice. We shouldn't use 
veterans as political pawns within the CR conversation.
  Facts are stubborn things. The executive branch owns the VA. The VA 
is part of the executive branch. Before we discuss the $12 billion 
shortfall in FY25 funding, we should require a root cause analysis to 
be done on why we have a shortfall this year itself. From there we will 
move forward.
  You have our commitment as a Republican majority that we will never 
let the benefits of our veterans lapse as a result of anything, much 
less, frankly, lack of oversight by the executive branch.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Oklahoma (Mrs. 
Bice), a member of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and 
Related Agencies Subcommittee.
  Mrs. BICE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 9468, which 
addresses the VA's budget shortfall.
  The Biden administration shared news of this impending budget gap 
days before we left in July with very little information on why there 
was a shortfall. In fact, following several inquiries from my office, 
the administration still has not been able to fully substantiate why 
the budget projections were so off.
  I thank my friend and colleague,  Mike Garcia, for his strong 
leadership in authoring this bill. Ensuring the men and women who 
honorably served our Nation are provided the medical care and benefits 
that they have earned is my top priority. I am also pleased the bill 
includes new reporting and accountability requirements to ensure this 
type of budget mismanagement does not occur again in the future.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to support H.R. 9468 to 
preserve the benefits of our veterans.
  Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
distinguished gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the ranking 
member of the Appropriations Committee.
  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Wasserman Schultz 
for yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation, which would 
provide our Nation's veterans with the benefits that they have duly 
earned in their selfless service and sacrifice to our Nation.
  Veterans Affairs is imminently facing a shortfall. Why? Don't listen 
to mismanagement and other things. Why? It is because of successful 
efforts of the administration to identify and reach veterans across the 
country who are entitled to these benefits.
  We signed something called the PACT Act, which says that 
servicepeople in all wars were going to be able to get medical services 
if they were exposed to toxic chemicals and to burn pits. That opened 
up a wide gulf of individuals who were going to take advantage of these 
medical services.
  This is a success story. We should applaud the Biden-Harris 
administration for ensuring America is holding up its promises to our 
brave veterans. We shouldn't come kicking and screaming to it. We 
should applaud doing what we are doing.
  Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed that the majority did not work across 
the aisle on this bill to ensure we are meeting all of our veterans' 
needs. While I support this bill, it falls short of what is needed to 
ensure that veterans exposed to toxic substances receive the care they 
deserve and require.
  Two summers ago, again, we enacted that PACT Act. We promised our 
veterans that they would see the benefits of medical care that they 
require after exposure to toxic substances with dedicated funding. We 
need to provide the additional $12 billion. It is not there. This is 
$12 billion for medical services which they have not included. Medical 
services for our veterans.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Yakym). The time of the gentlewoman has 
expired.
  Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to 
the gentlewoman from Connecticut.
  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Speaker, we need to provide the additional $12 
billion to ensure there is no interruption for our veterans' 
healthcare, which the majority failed to include in this bill and in 
their half-year continuing resolution that they are going to bring to 
the floor tomorrow.
  One thing that is unbelievable in that bill coming up tomorrow is 
they tell the Veterans Administration to spend faster on the medical 
services, except they put no money in for medical services, so spend 
faster on zero dollars. It is laughable, but it is very, very serious 
and detrimental to our veterans.

[[Page H5288]]

  Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote in 
favor of it.
  Mr. MIKE GARCIA of California. Mr. Speaker, I just want to reiterate 
again, facts are stubborn things. The VA is part of the executive 
branch. We have a higher demand. We know the PACT Act exists. Let's 
have the President ask for a commensurate level of money before going 
to Congress. The PBR, President's budget request, should reflect this 
higher demand.
  This is one of the issues with root cause. That is what we are asking 
for, not just giving the money to the VA, but getting to the root 
cause.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. Bost), the chairman of the Veterans Affairs' 
Committee.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 9468, offered 
by my friend and fellow veteran--let me say that again, friend and 
fellow veteran--because when our side over here is talking, we are 
talking as veterans who understand the issues. Representative  Mike 
Garcia of California is carrying this bill. I thank him for his 
service. I am a veteran.
  Today, we are carrying out our responsibility to protect our veterans 
and taxpayers. This bill would appropriate $2.88 billion to make sure 
that veterans' disability compensation and education payments will 
continue without delay.
  We also expect the Department of Veterans Affairs to handle the 
taxpayers' money responsibly. That is why the bill would also force VA 
to improve their budget and provide more information on how they handle 
the benefits funding because, Mr. Speaker, the Biden-Harris 
administration should never have put VA in this position in the first 
place. The VA shortfall is yet another prime example of critical 
mismanagement by the current administration.
  This bill would also direct the inspector general to do a top-to-
bottom audit of the reasons for the healthcare and benefits shortfall. 
I have been getting half answers from executives at VA for 2 months 
about this shortfall.
  The Biden-Harris administration has asked Congress to hand over 
another $12 billion right now based on eight pages of old numbers that 
don't add up. That is not what our constituents sent us here to do. 
They expect me, as the chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee and 
as a Member of Congress, to ask very important questions and get to the 
bottom of the reality of what is happening, and that is what I intend 
to do.
  This legislation is a step in the right direction, and it upholds the 
House Republicans' commitment to always care for men and women who have 
served our military. I am proud to support it. Whenever the statement 
is made about the fact that Republicans aren't doing that, yes, we are, 
but we are doing it with the responsibility of exactly what we are 
supposed to be doing, and that is giving oversight. Somehow the other 
side of the aisle forgets that we have to do that, and for some reason 
the administration doesn't want to answer the questions we are asking.
  Mr. Speaker, our responsibility is to look over the budget and make 
sure it is being spent wisely. Remember, the VA was not created for the 
VA; it was created for the veterans, and that is what this language 
does.
  Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I don't have any additional 
speakers. I yield myself the balance of my time to close.
  Mr. Speaker, do you know what is a stubborn thing? Math. Math is a 
stubborn thing. As I have mentioned earlier, this bill falls short of 
supporting the full funding needs for the VA. It is very simple.
  The VA has told us that by March of 2025, which is only a few months 
away, they will need an additional $12 billion for veterans' 
healthcare. There is nothing mysterious about this.
  I am not that good at math, but the VA has reported that they are 
delivering more appointments to veterans than ever before, and that has 
something directly to do with why they need the additional resources. 
In fact, there have been 91 million appointments thus far in 2024, 
outpacing last year's total. The VA expects to see 127 million 
appointments by the end of this month.
  The VA has also reported that costs for drugs and prosthetic devices 
are higher due to market pressures. Additionally, community care costs 
will need to grow by 16.5 percent next year in order to deliver 
anticipated community care needs for veterans.
  Math is a difficult thing, apparently, for our friends on the other 
side of the aisle. Despite these warnings, my colleagues across the 
aisle have decided to ignore the VA, to obfuscate, to create smoke and 
mirrors.
  Mr. Speaker, I spent the morning with over 100 of my veterans who 
served in World War II, the Korean conflict, and the Vietnam war, and I 
promised them I was coming back here to make sure that we addressed 
this $3 billion shortfall and that we would ensure that we fully 
implemented the PACT Act and ensured that veterans who were exposed to 
toxic substances would have their care covered. The PACT Act presumes, 
Mr. Speaker, that that exposure is what caused their illnesses, caused 
the disease that so many had to struggle with getting the ability to 
have that healthcare paid for until the PACT Act became law.
  Despite these warnings, my colleagues across the aisle have decided 
to ignore the VA. In their continuing resolution, which would end on 
March 28, and which we expect to vote on tomorrow, they purposefully 
excluded any additional funding for veterans.
  I will remind you, Mr. Speaker, and my colleagues, that when we 
committed that we would make sure that the PACT Act funds were 
guaranteed, that we had guaranteed funding so that we wouldn't leave 
the funding for veterans' healthcare to the whims of the appropriations 
process, as we do every year, our friends on the other side of the 
aisle decided to put a bill together that denied that guaranteed 
funding.
  They denied that guaranteed funding repeatedly until they were 
finally shamed into living up to our commitment to our veterans. This 
funding is needed to hire more medical professionals, deal with the 
growing cost of community care, relieve cost growth issues for pharmacy 
and prosthetics. We have to make sure that we are there for them.
  The bottom line is that this bill that is here before us is a good 
first step in addressing the funding pressures the VA is experiencing 
due to the administration's successful implementation of the PACT Act, 
but it fails to address the additional funding needs in healthcare.
  I encourage my colleagues across the aisle to include the funding in 
a CR that is necessary for the VA to ensure that our veterans receive 
the quality care that we promised them, that the law requires, and that 
they deserve.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.

                              {time}  1845

  Mr. MIKE GARCIA of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the 
balance of my time.
  Just a reminder, there is $140 billion cash on hand by the VA in 
discretionary dollars for FY 2025. This bill works to close the gap for 
FY 2024 to the tune of $2.88 billion.
  This is an opportunity for every single Member of Congress to show 
their support for our veterans across the Nation, 7 million of them.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge support for H.R. 9468, and I yield back the 
balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Fulcher). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentleman from California (Mr.  Mike Garcia) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 9468.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5288-H5289]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Proceedings will resume on motions to 
suspend the rules previously postponed.
  Votes will be taken in the following order:
  H.R. 8314; and
  S. 2861.
  The first electronic vote will be conducted as a 15-minute vote. 
Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the remaining electronic vote will be 
conducted as a 5-minute vote.

[[Page H5289]]

  

                          ____________________








[Page H5289]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





                  NO FOREIGN ELECTION INTERFERENCE ACT

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the 
unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and 
pass the bill (H.R. 8314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to 
impose penalties with respect to contributions to political committees 
from certain tax exempt organizations that receive contributions from 
foreign nationals, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, as amended.
  The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were--yeas 218, 
nays 181, answered ``present'' 1, not voting 30, as follows:

                             [Roll No. 418]

                               YEAS--218

     Aderholt
     Alford
     Allen
     Allred
     Amodei
     Arrington
     Babin
     Bacon
     Balderson
     Banks
     Barr
     Bean (FL)
     Bentz
     Bergman
     Bice
     Biggs
     Bilirakis
     Bishop (NC)
     Boebert
     Bost
     Brecheen
     Buchanan
     Bucshon
     Burchett
     Burgess
     Burlison
     Calvert
     Cammack
     Caraveo
     Carey
     Carl
     Carter (GA)
     Carter (TX)
     Chavez-DeRemer
     Ciscomani
     Cline
     Cloud
     Clyde
     Cole
     Comer
     Costa
     Craig
     Crane
     Crawford
     Crenshaw
     Cuellar
     D'Esposito
     Davidson
     Davis (NC)
     De La Cruz
     DesJarlais
     Diaz-Balart
     Donalds
     Duarte
     Duncan
     Edwards
     Ellzey
     Emmer
     Estes
     Ezell
     Fallon
     Feenstra
     Ferguson
     Finstad
     Fischbach
     Fitzgerald
     Fitzpatrick
     Fleischmann
     Flood
     Fong
     Foxx
     Franklin, Scott
     Fry
     Fulcher
     Gaetz
     Garbarino
     Garcia, Mike
     Gimenez
     Golden (ME)
     Gonzales, Tony
     Gonzalez, V.
     Good (VA)
     Gooden (TX)
     Gosar
     Graves (LA)
     Graves (MO)
     Green (TN)
     Greene (GA)
     Griffith
     Grothman
     Guest
     Guthrie
     Hageman
     Harris
     Harshbarger
     Hern
     Higgins (LA)
     Hill
     Hinson
     Houchin
     Hudson
     Huizenga
     Hunt
     Issa
     Jackson (TX)
     James
     Johnson (SD)
     Jordan
     Joyce (OH)
     Joyce (PA)
     Kean (NJ)
     Kelly (MS)
     Kelly (PA)
     Kiggans (VA)
     Kiley
     Kim (CA)
     Kustoff
     LaHood
     LaLota
     Landsman
     Langworthy
     Latta
     LaTurner
     Lawler
     Lee (FL)
     Lesko
     Letlow
     Lopez
     Loudermilk
     Lucas
     Luttrell
     Mace
     Malliotakis
     Maloy
     Mann
     Massie
     Mast
     McCaul
     McClain
     McClintock
     McCormick
     McHenry
     Meuser
     Miller (IL)
     Miller (OH)
     Miller (WV)
     Miller-Meeks
     Mills
     Molinaro
     Moolenaar
     Mooney
     Moore (AL)
     Moore (UT)
     Moran
     Murphy
     Nehls
     Newhouse
     Norman
     Nunn (IA)
     Ogles
     Owens
     Palmer
     Pappas
     Perez
     Perry
     Pfluger
     Posey
     Reschenthaler
     Rodgers (WA)
     Rogers (AL)
     Rogers (KY)
     Rose
     Rosendale
     Rouzer
     Roy
     Rulli
     Rutherford
     Ryan
     Scalise
     Schrier
     Schweikert
     Scott, Austin
     Self
     Sessions
     Simpson
     Slotkin
     Smith (MO)
     Smith (NE)
     Smith (NJ)
     Smucker
     Sorensen
     Stauber
     Steel
     Stefanik
     Steil
     Steube
     Strong
     Tenney
     Thompson (PA)
     Timmons
     Turner
     Valadao
     Van Drew
     Van Duyne
     Wagner
     Walberg
     Waltz
     Weber (TX)
     Webster (FL)
     Wenstrup
     Westerman
     Wild
     Williams (NY)
     Wilson (SC)
     Wittman
     Womack
     Yakym
     Zinke

                               NAYS--181

     Adams
     Aguilar
     Amo
     Auchincloss
     Balint
     Barragan
     Beatty
     Bera
     Beyer
     Bishop (GA)
     Blunt Rochester
     Bonamici
     Bowman
     Boyle (PA)
     Brown
     Brownley
     Budzinski
     Carbajal
     Cardenas
     Carson
     Carter (LA)
     Cartwright
     Casar
     Case
     Casten
     Castor (FL)
     Castro (TX)
     Cherfilus-McCormick
     Chu
     Clark (MA)
     Clarke (NY)
     Cleaver
     Clyburn
     Connolly
     Correa
     Courtney
     Crockett
     Crow
     Davids (KS)
     Davis (IL)
     Dean (PA)
     DeGette
     DeLauro
     DelBene
     Deluzio
     DeSaulnier
     Doggett
     Escobar
     Eshoo
     Espaillat
     Fletcher
     Foster
     Foushee
     Frankel, Lois
     Frost
     Garamendi
     Garcia (IL)
     Garcia (TX)
     Garcia, Robert
     Goldman (NY)
     Gomez
     Gottheimer
     Green, Al (TX)
     Harder (CA)
     Hayes
     Himes
     Horsford
     Houlahan
     Hoyer
     Hoyle (OR)
     Huffman
     Ivey
     Jackson (IL)
     Jacobs
     Jayapal
     Jeffries
     Johnson (GA)
     Kamlager-Dove
     Kaptur
     Keating
     Kelly (IL)
     Kennedy
     Khanna
     Kildee
     Kilmer
     Kim (NJ)
     Krishnamoorthi
     Kuster
     Larsen (WA)
     Larson (CT)
     Lee (CA)
     Lee (NV)
     Lee (PA)
     Leger Fernandez
     Levin
     Lofgren
     Lynch
     Magaziner
     Manning
     Matsui
     McBath
     McClellan
     McCollum
     McGovern
     Meeks
     Menendez
     Meng
     Mfume
     Moore (WI)
     Morelle
     Moskowitz
     Moulton
     Mrvan
     Mullin
     Nadler
     Napolitano
     Neal
     Neguse
     Nickel
     Norcross
     Ocasio-Cortez
     Omar
     Pallone
     Panetta
     Pelosi
     Peltola
     Peters
     Pettersen
     Phillips
     Pingree
     Pocan
     Porter
     Pressley
     Quigley
     Ramirez
     Raskin
     Ross
     Ruiz
     Ruppersberger
     Salinas
     Sanchez
     Sarbanes
     Scanlon
     Schakowsky
     Schneider
     Scholten
     Scott (VA)
     Scott, David
     Sewell
     Sherman
     Sherrill
     Smith (WA)
     Soto
     Spanberger
     Stansbury
     Stanton
     Stevens
     Strickland
     Suozzi
     Sykes
     Takano
     Thanedar
     Thompson (CA)
     Titus
     Tlaib
     Tokuda
     Tonko
     Torres (CA)
     Torres (NY)
     Trahan
     Trone
     Underwood
     Vargas
     Vasquez
     Veasey
     Velazquez
     Wasserman Schultz
     Waters
     Watson Coleman
     Williams (GA)
     Wilson (FL)

                        ANSWERED ``PRESENT''--1

       
     Cohen
       

                             NOT VOTING--30

     Armstrong
     Baird
     Blumenauer
     Bush
     Collins
     Curtis
     Dingell
     Dunn (FL)
     Evans
     Gallego
     Granger
     Grijalva
     Jackson (NC)
     LaMalfa
     Lamborn
     Lieu
     Luetkemeyer
     Luna
     McGarvey
     Obernolte
     Pence
     Salazar
     Schiff
     Spartz
     Swalwell
     Thompson (MS)
     Tiffany
     Van Orden
     Wexton
     Williams (TX)

                              {time}  1905

  Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Messrs. PHILLIPS, RUPPERSBERGER, LYNCH, 
CLYBURN, and HOYER changed their vote from ``yea'' to ``nay.''
  Mr. DAVIS of North Carolina, Mses. WILD, SLOTKIN, and Mr. GARBARINO 
changed their votes from ``nay'' to ``yea.''
  So (two-thirds not being in the affirmative) the motion was rejected.
  The result of the vote was announced as above recorded.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5289-H5290]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




             BILLIE JEAN KING CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the 
unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and 
pass the bill (S. 2861) to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Billie 
Jean King, an American icon, in recognition of a remarkable life 
devoted to championing equal rights for all, in sports and in society, 
on which the yeas and nays were ordered.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Kim) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill.
  This is a 5-minute vote.
  The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were--yeas 308, 
nays 87, not voting 35, as follows:

                             [Roll No. 419]

                               YEAS--308

     Adams
     Aderholt
     Aguilar
     Alford
     Allen
     Allred
     Amo
     Amodei
     Auchincloss
     Bacon
     Balint
     Barr
     Barragan
     Bean (FL)
     Beatty
     Bentz
     Bera
     Bergman
     Beyer
     Bice
     Bilirakis
     Bishop (GA)
     Blunt Rochester
     Bonamici
     Bowman
     Boyle (PA)
     Brown
     Brownley
     Bucshon
     Budzinski
     Burgess
     Calvert
     Caraveo
     Carbajal
     Cardenas
     Carey
     Carl
     Carson
     Carter (GA)
     Carter (LA)
     Cartwright
     Casar
     Case
     Casten
     Castor (FL)
     Castro (TX)
     Chavez-DeRemer
     Cherfilus-McCormick
     Chu
     Ciscomani
     Clark (MA)
     Clarke (NY)
     Cleaver
     Clyburn
     Cohen
     Cole
     Comer
     Connolly
     Correa
     Costa
     Courtney
     Craig
     Crenshaw
     Crockett
     Crow
     Cuellar
     D'Esposito
     Davids (KS)
     Davis (IL)
     Davis (NC)
     De La Cruz
     Dean (PA)
     DeGette
     DeLauro
     DelBene
     Deluzio
     DeSaulnier
     DesJarlais
     Diaz-Balart
     Doggett
     Duarte
     Emmer
     Escobar
     Eshoo
     Feenstra
     Ferguson
     Fitzpatrick
     Fleischmann
     Fletcher
     Flood
     Fong
     Foster
     Foushee
     Foxx
     Frankel, Lois
     Frost
     Garamendi
     Garbarino
     Garcia (IL)
     Garcia (TX)
     Garcia, Mike
     Garcia, Robert
     Gimenez
     Golden (ME)
     Goldman (NY)
     Gomez
     Gonzales, Tony
     Gonzalez, V.
     Gottheimer
     Graves (LA)
     Graves (MO)
     Green, Al (TX)
     Griffith
     Guest
     Guthrie
     Harder (CA)
     Hayes
     Hill
     Himes
     Hinson
     Horsford
     Houchin
     Houlahan
     Hoyer
     Hoyle (OR)
     Huffman
     Issa
     Ivey
     Jackson (IL)
     Jacobs
     James
     Jayapal
     Jeffries
     Johnson (GA)
     Johnson (SD)
     Joyce (OH)
     Kamlager-Dove
     Kaptur
     Kean (NJ)
     Keating
     Kelly (IL)
     Kelly (PA)
     Kennedy
     Khanna
     Kiggans (VA)
     Kildee
     Kiley
     Kilmer
     Kim (CA)
     Kim (NJ)
     Krishnamoorthi
     Kuster
     LaHood
     LaLota
     Landsman
     Langworthy
     Larsen (WA)
     Larson (CT)
     LaTurner
     Lawler
     Lee (CA)
     Lee (FL)
     Lee (NV)
     Lee (PA)
     Leger Fernandez
     Letlow
     Levin
     Lofgren
     Lopez
     Loudermilk
     Lynch
     Mace
     Magaziner

[[Page H5290]]


     Malliotakis
     Maloy
     Manning
     Mast
     Matsui
     McBath
     McCaul
     McClellan
     McClintock
     McCollum
     McGarvey
     McGovern
     McHenry
     Meeks
     Menendez
     Meng
     Meuser
     Mfume
     Miller (OH)
     Miller (WV)
     Miller-Meeks
     Molinaro
     Moore (UT)
     Moore (WI)
     Moran
     Morelle
     Moskowitz
     Moulton
     Mrvan
     Mullin
     Murphy
     Nadler
     Napolitano
     Neal
     Neguse
     Newhouse
     Nickel
     Norcross
     Nunn (IA)
     Obernolte
     Ocasio-Cortez
     Omar
     Owens
     Pallone
     Panetta
     Pappas
     Pelosi
     Peltola
     Perez
     Peters
     Pettersen
     Phillips
     Pingree
     Pocan
     Porter
     Pressley
     Quigley
     Ramirez
     Raskin
     Reschenthaler
     Rodgers (WA)
     Rogers (KY)
     Ross
     Rouzer
     Ruiz
     Rulli
     Ruppersberger
     Rutherford
     Ryan
     Salinas
     Sanchez
     Sarbanes
     Scalise
     Scanlon
     Schakowsky
     Schneider
     Scholten
     Schrier
     Schweikert
     Scott (VA)
     Scott, David
     Sessions
     Sewell
     Sherman
     Sherrill
     Simpson
     Slotkin
     Smith (MO)
     Smith (NE)
     Smith (WA)
     Sorensen
     Soto
     Spanberger
     Stansbury
     Stanton
     Steel
     Stefanik
     Steil
     Stevens
     Strickland
     Suozzi
     Sykes
     Takano
     Thanedar
     Thompson (CA)
     Thompson (PA)
     Titus
     Tlaib
     Tokuda
     Tonko
     Torres (CA)
     Torres (NY)
     Trahan
     Trone
     Turner
     Underwood
     Valadao
     Van Drew
     Vargas
     Veasey
     Velazquez
     Wagner
     Wasserman Schultz
     Waters
     Watson Coleman
     Webster (FL)
     Wenstrup
     Wild
     Williams (GA)
     Williams (NY)
     Wilson (FL)
     Wilson (SC)
     Wittman
     Womack
     Zinke

                                NAYS--87

     Arrington
     Babin
     Balderson
     Banks
     Biggs
     Bishop (NC)
     Boebert
     Brecheen
     Burchett
     Burlison
     Cammack
     Carter (TX)
     Cline
     Cloud
     Clyde
     Collins
     Crane
     Crawford
     Davidson
     Donalds
     Duncan
     Edwards
     Estes
     Ezell
     Fallon
     Finstad
     Fischbach
     Fitzgerald
     Franklin, Scott
     Fry
     Fulcher
     Gaetz
     Good (VA)
     Gooden (TX)
     Gosar
     Green (TN)
     Greene (GA)
     Grothman
     Hageman
     Harris
     Harshbarger
     Hern
     Higgins (LA)
     Hudson
     Huizenga
     Hunt
     Jackson (TX)
     Jordan
     Joyce (PA)
     Kelly (MS)
     LaMalfa
     Latta
     Lesko
     Luttrell
     Mann
     Massie
     McClain
     McCormick
     Miller (IL)
     Mills
     Moolenaar
     Mooney
     Moore (AL)
     Nehls
     Norman
     Ogles
     Palmer
     Perry
     Pfluger
     Posey
     Rose
     Rosendale
     Roy
     Scott, Austin
     Self
     Smucker
     Stauber
     Steube
     Strong
     Tenney
     Timmons
     Van Duyne
     Walberg
     Waltz
     Weber (TX)
     Westerman
     Yakym

                             NOT VOTING--35

     Armstrong
     Baird
     Blumenauer
     Bost
     Buchanan
     Bush
     Curtis
     Dingell
     Dunn (FL)
     Ellzey
     Espaillat
     Evans
     Gallego
     Granger
     Grijalva
     Jackson (NC)
     Kustoff
     Lamborn
     Lieu
     Lucas
     Luetkemeyer
     Luna
     Pence
     Rogers (AL)
     Salazar
     Schiff
     Smith (NJ)
     Spartz
     Swalwell
     Thompson (MS)
     Tiffany
     Van Orden
     Vasquez
     Wexton
     Williams (TX)

                              {time}  1913

  Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia changed his vote from ``yea'' to ``nay.''
  So (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and 
the bill was passed.
  The result of the vote was announced as above recorded.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.


                          Personal explanation

  Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, due to unforeseen events, I was 
unfortunately unable to cast my vote for legislation considered on the 
House floor today. Had I been able to be present, I would have voted 
according to the following: NAY on Roll Call No. 418--H.R. 8314, No 
Foreign Election Interference Act and YEA on Roll Call No. 419--S. 
2861, Billie Jean King Congressional Gold Medal Act.

                          ____________________








[Page H5290]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




     MOMENT OF SILENCE TO HONOR THE LIFE OF CORPORAL MAHER HUSSEINI

  (Mr. CRENSHAW asked and was given permission to address the House for 
1 minute.)
  Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues and I are here tonight to 
honor the life of Harris County Precinct 4 Constable, Corporal Maher 
Husseini, who was senselessly murdered on September 3.
  Maher was an American by choice, immigrating here 30 years ago. He 
was my constituent. He lived the American Dream, starting a business 
and raising a family.
  He also sought to serve the community he called home: Harris County 
and the city of Houston.
  For 3 years, he was a proud and dedicated member of the thin blue 
line. He committed himself to training others who wanted to serve their 
country and community as a law enforcement officer.
  Corporal Husseini leaves behind a wife, Jamila; and two sons, Amin 
and Jamil. His loss leaves an irreparable hole in their lives and the 
lives of all those impacted.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Green).
  Mr. GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.
  I speak with a heavy heart because on occasions such as this, we are 
all reminded of the realistic possibility of losing a loved one without 
notice. It was without notice that a wife has lost her husband, that 
children have lost their father, and America has lost a hero.
  While Members of Congress do not always agree, today we stand 
shoulder to shoulder in our desire to see tragedies such as this cease 
within our Nation.
  We want the family of this hero to know that we are forever grateful 
to them for sharing him with us. They are not only in our thoughts and 
prayers, they are also in our hearts.
  Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, as Houstonians, Texans, and Americans, we 
want to thank him for his service and sacrifice, and, most of all, we 
thank his family.
  At this time, Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to observe a moment of 
silence to honor Corporal Maher Husseini.

                          ____________________








[Page H5290]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




          REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 9255

  Mr. D'ESPOSITO. Mr. Speaker, I hereby remove my name as cosponsor of 
H.R. 9255.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman's request is granted.

                          ____________________








[Page H5290]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Newhouse). The Chair will remind all 
persons in the gallery that they are here as guests of the House and 
that any manifestation of approval or disapproval of proceedings is in 
violation of the rules of the House.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5290-H5291]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




DENNIS JOHN BENIGNO TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY PROGRAM REAUTHORIZATION ACT 
                                OF 2024

  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass 
the bill (H.R. 7208) to reauthorize the Traumatic Brain Injury program, 
as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7208

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Dennis John Benigno 
     Traumatic Brain Injury Program Reauthorization Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. THE BILL PASCRELL, JR., NATIONAL PROGRAM FOR 
                   TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY SURVEILLANCE AND 
                   REGISTRIES.

       Section 393C of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 
     280b-1d) is amended--
       (1) by amending the section header to read as follows: 
     ``the bill pascrell, jr., national program for traumatic 
     brain injury surveillance and registries''; and
       (2) by striking subsection (b).

     SEC. 3. PREVENTION AND CONTROL OF INJURIES.

       Section 394A(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 
     280b-3(b)) is amended by striking ``fiscal years 2020 through 
     2024'' and inserting ``fiscal years 2025 through 2029''.

     SEC. 4. STATE GRANTS FOR PROJECTS REGARDING TRAUMATIC BRAIN 
                   INJURY.

       Section 1252 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 
     300d-52) is amended--
       (1) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ``that is not less 
     than $1 for each $2 of Federal funds provided under the 
     grant.'' and inserting the following: ``that is--
       ``(A) for fiscal years 2020 through 2024, not less than $1 
     for each $2 of Federal funds provided under the grant; and
       ``(B) for fiscal year 2025 and each succeeding fiscal year, 
     not less than $0.50 for each $2 of Federal funds provided 
     under the grant.'';
       (2) by striking subsection (e);
       (3) by redesignating subsections (f) through (i) as 
     subsections (e) through (h), respectively;
       (4) by amending subsection (g)(2), as so redesignated, to 
     read as follows:
       ``(2)(A) The term `traumatic brain injury' means an 
     acquired injury to the brain.
       ``(B) Such term--
       ``(i) does not include brain dysfunction caused by 
     congenital or degenerative disorders, nor birth trauma; and

[[Page H5291]]

       ``(ii) may include--

       ``(I) brain injuries caused by anoxia due to trauma; and
       ``(II) damage to the brain from an internal or external 
     source that results in toxicity, surgery, or vascular 
     disorders not associated with aging.

       ``(C) The Secretary may revise the definition of such term 
     as the Secretary determines necessary, after consultation 
     with States and other appropriate public or nonprofit private 
     entities.''; and
       (5) in subsection (i), as so redesignated, by striking 
     ``fiscal years 2020 through 2024'' and inserting ``fiscal 
     years 2025 through 2029''.

     SEC. 5. STATE GRANTS FOR PROTECTION AND ADVOCACY SERVICES.

       Section 1253(l) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 
     300d-53(l)) is amended by striking ``fiscal years 2020 
     through 2024'' and inserting ``fiscal years 2025 through 
     2029''.

     SEC. 6. REPORT ON DESIGNATING BRAIN INJURY AS A CHRONIC 
                   CONDITION.

       The Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through 
     the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and 
     Prevention, shall--
       (1) examine the evidence base for designating brain injury 
     as a chronic condition that can impact individuals with brain 
     injury across the lifespan; and
       (2) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of 
     this Act--
       (A) submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the 
     House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, 
     Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report 
     detailing the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of 
     the examination described in paragraph (1); and
       (B) make publicly available on the website of the Centers 
     for Disease Control and Prevention the report described in 
     subparagraph (A).

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Iowa.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all 
Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their 
remarks and insert extraneous material in the Record on the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Iowa?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7208, the Dennis John Benigno 
Traumatic Brain Injury Program Reauthorization Act of 2024 led by 
Congressman Bill Pascrell.
  This bill will continue important resources for TBI prevention, help 
improve access to TBI rehabilitation, and support TBI patient advocacy 
systems.
  From 2020 to 2021, there were over 200,000 TBI-related 
hospitalizations and almost 70,000 deaths. People 75 and older had the 
highest rates of TBI-related hospitalizations and deaths.
  Recent data suggests that over 1.5 million Americans survive a 
traumatic brain injury each year. TBIs can impact a person's life in 
many ways, putting patients at increased risk for depression, falls, 
and permanent cognitive decline.
  This legislation would continue resources to help support States and 
other entities to ensure providers and patients are educated on the 
incidence of TBIs and improve methods to treat and prevent such 
incidents.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support the bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7208, the Dennis John Benigno 
Traumatic Brain Injury Program Reauthorization Act.
  This bill was long championed by the late New Jersey Congressman Bill 
Pascrell. It reauthorizes a critical grant program to States through 
the Administration for Community Living, as well as data collection, 
surveillance, and analysis through the Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention.
  Before I talk about the importance of the bill, I want to take a 
moment to talk about our dear friend and colleague, Representative Bill 
Pascrell, Jr., who served here in this House for 27 years. He truly was 
the first son of Paterson and left an indelible mark on north Jersey 
throughout his public service career as a mayor, a public 
schoolteacher, an assemblyman, and a Congressman.
  Simply put, he never, ever backed down from doing what was right and 
was always fighting for the little guy. So it is fitting today that we 
are considering legislation that he was extremely passionate about and 
embodied his tenacious spirit in supporting policies that made an 
impact in all of our communities.
  First enacted in 1996 thanks to the tireless advocacy of 
Representative Pascrell, this law was the only Federal program which 
specifically addressed TBI prevention, research, and service delivery 
through grants to States.
  Today, I am proud that this legislation will bear the names of two 
fierce advocates in the TBI community.
  In his first term in Congress, Representative Pascrell founded the 
Congressional Traumatic Brain Injury Task Force after meeting with 
Dennis John Benigno.
  Dennis John was a 15-year-old boy who was critically injured in 1984 
after being struck by a car and suffered a severe brain injury that 
left him completely disabled. Before then, many in Congress had little 
firsthand knowledge about TBI or its forever long-term care impact on 
patients and families. This passion to share Dennis John's story and 
highlight the need of TBI research and support across the country 
became the successful law before us today.

  This legislation will not only honor the legacy and courage of the 
Benigno family but also rename the national program to bear its biggest 
congressional champion's name, the Representative Bill Pascrell, Jr. 
National Program for Traumatic Brain Injury Surveillance and Injury.
  According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, there 
were more than 214,000 TBI-related hospitalizations in 2020 and more 
than 69,000 TBI-related deaths in 2021. These estimates do not include 
the many TBIs that are only treated in the emergency department, urgent 
care, primary care, or those who simply go untreated.
  I urge my colleagues to continue the support for this program and the 
research, treatment, and data surveillance counted on by the 5.3 
million people living with lifelong disabilities due to a TBI.
  I thank Chair Rodgers and Subcommittee Chair Guthrie for their 
collaboration to advance this important bipartisan bill and to forever 
honor the legacy of its greatest champions.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues' support on a bipartisan basis, and 
I reserve the balance of my time.

                              {time}  1930

  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge my colleagues to support 
this in the name of both Mr. Benigno and our colleague, Bill Pascrell, 
and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I encourage a ``yes'' 
vote on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Molinaro). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7208, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5291-H5292]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    MEDICAID PROGRAM IMPROVEMENT ACT

  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass 
the bill (H.R. 8111) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to 
ensure the reliability of address information provided under the 
Medicaid program, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8111

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Medicaid Program Improvement 
     Act''.

     SEC. 2. ENSURING THE RELIABILITY OF ADDRESS INFORMATION 
                   PROVIDED UNDER THE MEDICAID PROGRAM.

       (a) In General.--Section 1902(a) of the Social Security Act 
     (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)) is amended--
       (1) in paragraph (86), by striking ``and'' at the end;

[[Page H5292]]

       (2) in paragraph (87), by striking the period at the end 
     and inserting ``; and''; and
       (3) by inserting after paragraph (87) the following new 
     paragraph:
       ``(88) beginning January 1, 2026, provide for a process to 
     regularly obtain address information for individuals enrolled 
     under such plan (or a waiver of such plan) from reliable data 
     sources (as described in section 435.919(f)(1)(iii) of title 
     42, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation)) 
     and act on any changes to such an address based on such 
     information in accordance with such section (or successor 
     regulation), except that this paragraph shall only apply in 
     the case of the 50 States and the District of Columbia.''.
       (b) Application to CHIP.--Section 2107(e)(1) of the Social 
     Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397gg(e)(1)) is amended--
       (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (H) through (U) as 
     subparagraphs (I) through (V), respectively; and
       (2) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following new 
     subparagraph:
       ``(H) Section 1902(a)(88) (relating to regularly obtaining 
     address information for enrollees).''.
       (c) Ensuring Transmission of Address Information From 
     Managed Care Organizations.--Section 1932 of the Social 
     Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396u-2) is amended by adding at the 
     end the following new subsection:
       ``(j) Transmission of Address Information.--Beginning 
     January 1, 2026, each contract under a State plan with a 
     managed care entity under section 1903(m) shall provide that 
     the entity transmits to the State any address information for 
     an individual enrolled with the entity that is provided to 
     such entity directly from, or verified by such entity 
     directly with, such individual.''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Iowa.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all 
Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their 
remarks and include extraneous material in the Record on the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Iowa?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 8111, the 
Medicaid Program Improvement Act.
  Mr. Speaker, this bill represents a significant step forward in how 
we manage and improve the Medicaid program. Every day, Medicaid serves 
millions of Americans, providing critical healthcare services. However, 
an often overlooked aspect of this vital program is the accuracy and 
reliability of address information for our beneficiaries.
  Inaccurate or outdated addresses can lead to beneficiaries being 
enrolled in multiple State Medicaid programs, jeopardizing program 
integrity. The Medicaid Program Improvement Act addresses this issue 
head on. By amending title XIX of the Social Security Act, we will 
ensure that Medicaid programs have a robust and regular process for 
verifying and updating address information.
  Starting January 1, 2026, State Medicaid programs will utilize 
reliable data sources to keep address information current, which will 
be crucial in ensuring that individuals receive the care they need, but 
are also eligible without unnecessary interruptions.
  Additionally, my bill extends these requirements to the Children's 
Health Insurance Program, CHIP, and mandates that managed care 
organizations transmit accurate address information to States.
  This comprehensive approach guarantees that all aspects of our 
Medicaid and CHIP systems work in concert to deliver seamless, 
effective care. Let's take this important step together and ensure that 
State Medicaid systems function reliably and effectively as much as 
they can.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 8111, which is sponsored 
by the gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks), as well as the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Cartwright).
  Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan bill would require State Medicaid 
agencies to regularly obtain updated beneficiary address information 
from reliable sources, including Medicaid managed care plans. This 
requirement helps to accomplish two things.
  First, when the time comes for a State Medicaid agency to renew a 
person's Medicaid eligibility, it is critical that the State has the 
most up-to-date address information. Too often, people lose Medicaid 
coverage for administrative reasons. Some people just don't return the 
paperwork for this reason, for example.
  Some people simply never receive the notice that the State has sent 
to them indicating it was time to renew their healthcare coverage for 
Medicaid. Collecting and using updated address information from 
reliable sources helps States to reach people and renew their coverage.
  The second thing is having updated address information helps States 
identify when an individual may have moved out of State, and this 
information could help States ensure payments are not made for 
beneficiaries who are no longer residents of the State.
  Mr. Speaker, this is a straightforward policy that helps to address 
practical challenges for people and for State Medicaid agencies, and I 
urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 8111.
  Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. In closing, I would 
simply ask that Members vote for this bill on a bipartisan basis. It is 
important for Medicaid recipients.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I encourage a ``yes'' 
vote on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Weber of Texas). The question is on the 
motion offered by the gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks) that 
the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 8111, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5292-H5295]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                  ACCELERATING KID ACCESS TO CARE ACT

  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass 
the bill (H.R. 4758) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to 
streamline enrollment under the Medicaid program of certain providers 
across State lines, and for other purposes, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 4758

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Accelerating Kids' Access to 
     Care Act''.

     SEC. 2. STREAMLINED ENROLLMENT PROCESS FOR ELIGIBLE OUT-OF-
                   STATE PROVIDERS UNDER MEDICAID AND CHIP.

       (a) In General.--Section 1902(kk) of the Social Security 
     Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(kk)) is amended by adding at the end the 
     following new paragraph:
       ``(10) Streamlined enrollment process for eligible out-of-
     state providers.--
       ``(A) In general.--The State--
       ``(i) adopts and implements a process to allow an eligible 
     out-of-State provider to enroll under the State plan (or a 
     waiver of such plan) to furnish items and services to, or 
     order, prescribe, refer, or certify eligibility for items and 
     services for, qualifying individuals without the imposition 
     of screening or enrollment requirements in addition to those 
     imposed by the State in which the eligible out-of-State 
     provider is located; and
       ``(ii) provides that an eligible out-of-State provider that 
     enrolls as a participating provider in the State plan (or a 
     waiver of such plan) through such process shall be so 
     enrolled for a 5-year period, unless the provider is 
     terminated or excluded from participation during such period.
       ``(B) Definitions.--In this paragraph:
       ``(i) Eligible out-of-state provider.--The term `eligible 
     out-of-State provider' means, with respect to a State, a 
     provider--

       ``(I) that is located in any other State;
       ``(II) that--

       ``(aa) was determined by the Secretary to have a limited 
     risk of fraud, waste, and abuse for purposes of determining 
     the level of screening to be conducted under section 
     1866(j)(2), has been so screened under such section 
     1866(j)(2), and is enrolled in the Medicare program under 
     title XVIII; or
       ``(bb) was determined by the State agency administering or 
     supervising the administration of the State plan (or a waiver 
     of such plan) of such other State to have a limited risk of 
     fraud, waste, and abuse for purposes of determining the level 
     of screening to be conducted under paragraph (1) of this 
     subsection, has been so screened under such

[[Page H5293]]

     paragraph (1), and is enrolled under such State plan (or a 
     waiver of such plan); and

       ``(III) that has not been--

       ``(aa) excluded from participation in any Federal health 
     care program pursuant to section 1128 or 1128A;
       ``(bb) excluded from participation in the State plan (or a 
     waiver of such plan) pursuant to part 1002 of title 42, Code 
     of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation), or 
     State law; or
       ``(cc) terminated from participating in a Federal health 
     care program or the State plan (or a waiver of such plan) for 
     a reason described in paragraph (8)(A).
       ``(ii) Qualifying individual.--The term `qualifying 
     individual' means an individual under 21 years of age who is 
     enrolled under the State plan (or waiver of such plan).
       ``(iii) State.--The term `State' means 1 of the 50 States 
     or the District of Columbia.''.
       (b) Conforming Amendments.--
       (1) Section 1902(a)(77) of the Social Security Act (42 
     U.S.C. 1396a(a)(77)) is amended by inserting ``enrollment,'' 
     after ``screening,''.
       (2) The subsection heading for section 1902(kk) of such Act 
     (42 U.S.C. 1396a(kk)) is amended by inserting ``Enrollment,'' 
     after ``Screening,''.
       (3) Section 2107(e)(1)(G) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 
     1397gg(e)(1)(G)) is amended by inserting ``enrollment,'' 
     after ``screening,''.
       (c) Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section 
     shall take effect on the date that is 3 years after the date 
     of enactment of this section.

     SEC. 3. PREVENTING THE USE OF ABUSIVE SPREAD PRICING IN 
                   MEDICAID.

       (a) In General.--Section 1927 of the Social Security Act 
     (42 U.S.C. 1396r-8) is amended--
       (1) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following 
     new paragraph:
       ``(6) Transparent prescription drug pass-through pricing 
     required.--
       ``(A) In general.--A contract between the State and a 
     pharmacy benefit manager (referred to in this paragraph as a 
     `PBM'), or a contract between the State and a managed care 
     entity or other specified entity (as such terms are defined 
     in section 1903(m)(9)(D) and collectively referred to in this 
     paragraph as the `entity') that includes provisions making 
     the entity responsible for coverage of covered outpatient 
     drugs dispensed to individuals enrolled with the entity, 
     shall require that payment for such drugs and related 
     administrative services (as applicable), including payments 
     made by a PBM on behalf of the State or entity, is based on a 
     transparent prescription drug pass-through pricing model 
     under which--
       ``(i) any payment made by the entity or the PBM (as 
     applicable) for such a drug--

       ``(I) is limited to--

       ``(aa) ingredient cost; and
       ``(bb) a professional dispensing fee that is not less than 
     the professional dispensing fee that the State would pay if 
     the State were making the payment directly in accordance with 
     the State plan;

       ``(II) is passed through in its entirety (except as reduced 
     under Federal or State laws and regulations in response to 
     instances of waste, fraud, or abuse) by the entity or PBM to 
     the pharmacy or provider that dispenses the drug; and
       ``(III) is made in a manner that is consistent with 
     sections 447.502, 447.512, 447.514, and 447.518 of title 42, 
     Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation) as 
     if such requirements applied directly to the entity or the 
     PBM, except that any payment by the entity or the PBM for the 
     ingredient cost of such drug purchased by a covered entity 
     (as defined in subsection (a)(5)(B)) may exceed the actual 
     acquisition cost (as defined in 447.502 of title 42, Code of 
     Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation) for such 
     drug if--

       ``(aa) such drug was subject to an agreement under section 
     340B of the Public Health Service Act;
       ``(bb) such payment for the ingredient cost of such drug 
     does not exceed the maximum payment that would have been made 
     by the entity or the PBM for the ingredient cost of such drug 
     if such drug had not been purchased by such covered entity; 
     and
       ``(cc) such covered entity reports to the Secretary (in a 
     form and manner specified by the Secretary), on an annual 
     basis and with respect to payments for the ingredient costs 
     of such drugs so purchased by such covered entity that are in 
     excess of the actual acquisition costs for such drugs, the 
     aggregate amount of such excess;
       ``(ii) payment to the entity or the PBM (as applicable) for 
     administrative services performed by the entity or PBM is 
     limited to an administrative fee that reflects the fair 
     market value (as defined by the Secretary) of such services;
       ``(iii) the entity or the PBM (as applicable) makes 
     available to the State, and the Secretary upon request in a 
     form and manner specified by the Secretary, all costs and 
     payments related to covered outpatient drugs and accompanying 
     administrative services (as described in clause (ii)) 
     incurred, received, or made by the entity or the PBM, broken 
     down (as specified by the Secretary), to the extent such 
     costs and payments are attributable to an individual covered 
     outpatient drug, by each such drug, including any ingredient 
     costs, professional dispensing fees, administrative fees (as 
     described in clause (ii)), post-sale and post-invoice fees, 
     discounts, or related adjustments such as direct and indirect 
     remuneration fees, and any and all other remuneration; and
       ``(iv) any form of spread pricing whereby any amount 
     charged or claimed by the entity or the PBM (as applicable) 
     that exceeds the amount paid to the pharmacies or providers 
     on behalf of the State or entity, including any post-sale or 
     post-invoice fees, discounts, or related adjustments such as 
     direct and indirect remuneration fees or assessments (after 
     allowing for an administrative fee as described in clause 
     (ii)) is not allowable for purposes of claiming Federal 
     matching payments under this title.
       ``(B) Making certain information available.--The Secretary 
     shall publish, not less frequently than on an annual basis, 
     information received by the Secretary pursuant to 
     subparagraph (A)(i)(III)(cc). Such information shall be so 
     published in an electronic and searchable format, such as 
     through the 340B Office of Pharmacy Affairs Information 
     System (or a successor system).''; and
       (2) in subsection (k), by adding at the end the following 
     new paragraph:
       ``(12) Pharmacy benefit manager.--The term `pharmacy 
     benefit manager' means any person or entity that, either 
     directly or through an intermediary, acts as a price 
     negotiator or group purchaser on behalf of a State, managed 
     care entity (as defined in section 1903(m)(9)(D)), or other 
     specified entity (as so defined), and may also more broadly 
     manage aspects of the prescription drug benefits provided by 
     a State, managed care entity, or other specified entity, 
     including the processing and payment of claims for 
     prescription drugs, the performance of drug utilization 
     review, the processing of drug prior authorization requests, 
     the managing of appeals or grievances related to the 
     prescription drug benefits, contracting with pharmacies, 
     controlling the cost of covered outpatient drugs, or the 
     provision of services related thereto. Such term includes any 
     person or entity that acts as a price negotiator (with regard 
     to payment amounts to pharmacies and providers for a covered 
     outpatient drug or the net cost of the drug) or group 
     purchaser on behalf of a State, managed care entity, or other 
     specified entity, including such a person or entity that 
     carries out 1 or more of the other activities described in 
     the preceding sentence, irrespective of whether such person 
     or entity calls itself a pharmacy benefit manager.''.
       (b) Conforming Amendments.--Section 1903(m) of such Act (42 
     U.S.C. 1396b(m)) is amended--
       (1) in paragraph (2)(A)(xiii)--
       (A) by striking ``and (III)'' and inserting ``(III)'';
       (B) by inserting before the period at the end the 
     following: ``, and (IV) if the contract includes provisions 
     making the entity responsible for coverage of covered 
     outpatient drugs, the entity shall comply with the 
     requirements of section 1927(e)(6)''; and
       (C) by moving the left margin 2 ems to the left; and
       (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
       ``(10) No payment shall be made under this title to a State 
     with respect to expenditures incurred by the State for 
     payment for services provided by an other specified entity 
     (as defined in paragraph (9)(D)(iii)) unless such services 
     are provided in accordance with a contract between the State 
     and such entity which satisfies the requirements of paragraph 
     (2)(A)(xiii).''.
       (c) Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section 
     shall apply to contracts between States and managed care 
     entities, other specified entities, or pharmacy benefit 
     managers that have an effective date beginning on or after 
     the date that is 18 months after the date of enactment of 
     this Act.
       (d) Implementation.--
       (1) In general.--Notwithstanding any other provision of 
     law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may implement 
     the amendments made by this section by program instruction or 
     otherwise.
       (2) Nonapplication of administrative procedure act.--
     Implementation of the amendments made by this section shall 
     be exempt from the requirements of section 553 of title 5, 
     United States Code.
       (e) Nonapplication of Paperwork Reduction Act.--Chapter 35 
     of title 44, United States Code, shall not apply to any data 
     collection undertaken by the Secretary of Health and Human 
     Services under section 1927(e) of the Social Security Act (42 
     U.S.C. 1396r-8(f)), as amended by this section.

     SEC. 4. MEDICAID IMPROVEMENT FUND.

       Section 1941(b)(3)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 
     1396w-1(b)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ``$0'' and inserting 
     ``$69,000,000''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Iowa.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all 
Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their 
remarks and include extraneous material in the Record on the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Iowa?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.

[[Page H5294]]

  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my legislation, H.R. 
4758, the Accelerating Kids' Access to Care Act.
  Mr. Speaker, for many families facing rare and severe pediatric 
conditions, accessing out-of-State care can be a daunting and lengthy 
process. The barriers are not just logistical, but also administrative, 
leading to unnecessary delays that can be detrimental to a child's 
health and even life threatening.
  The Accelerating Kids' Access to Care Act addresses this issue by 
streamlining the enrollment process for out-of-State pediatric 
providers under Medicaid, meaning that, if a child needs to travel out 
of State to receive care, bureaucratic hurdles won't stand in their 
way.
  More specifically, the Accelerating Kids' Access to Care Act will 
enable States to adopt a simplified process for out-of-State providers 
to enroll in their Medicaid programs. This change will reduce delays 
and prevent the denial of care due to administrative inefficiencies.
  It will also ensure that, once enrolled, providers remain active for 
5 years, unless otherwise terminated, which brings stability and 
consistency to care delivery.
  In addition, the bill includes provisions to combat abusive pricing 
practices in Medicaid, ensuring transparency and fairness in the cost 
of prescription drugs. By enforcing transparent pricing models by 
banning spread pricing, we can protect both the integrity of Medicaid 
dollars and the interests of families relying on this essential 
program.
  This bipartisan piece of legislation is supported by over 215 
organizations, including the Children's Hospital Association and the 
Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, reflecting a broad consensus on its 
importance.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Mrs. Trahan) 
and Senators Grassley and Bennet for their work on this bill, and I ask 
all of my colleagues to join us in supporting this vital piece of 
legislation.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4758, the Accelerating 
Kids' Access to Care Act, sponsored by the gentlewoman from 
Massachusetts (Mrs. Trahan) and the gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs. Miller-
Meeks).
  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4758 will ensure that children enrolled in Medicaid 
who need specialized care from out-of-State providers can receive that 
care without undue delay.
  Children with complex medical needs often require care that can only 
be provided by specialists in States other than the one in which they 
live, and it is unacceptable that these children may have to wait 
months to receive the care they need, making their condition worse and 
adding unnecessary stress and burden to their already overwhelmed 
families.
  These delays stem from complicated processes that prevent out-of-
State Medicaid providers from quickly enrolling in the child's home 
State Medicaid program. H.R. 4758 will streamline that process to 
ensure children can more quickly get the care that they need.
  This bill also includes a prohibition on so-called spread pricing by 
pharmacy benefit managers in the Medicaid program. Spread pricing 
occurs when pharmacy benefit managers keep a portion of the amount paid 
to them for prescription drugs, charging Medicaid an excess amount for 
the drug. I will be pleased to see this wasteful spending come to an 
end, frankly.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Mrs. Trahan) 
for her leadership on this important bill. I urge all of my colleagues 
to vote ``yes,'' and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. Carter).
  Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for 
yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for the Accelerating 
Kids' Access to Care Act, which will help families access lifesaving 
care for children with complex medical conditions.
  In Georgia, we are blessed to have world-class children's hospitals 
that care for kids across the country. However, in some cases, patients 
with rare and complex diseases have to travel out of State to receive 
specialized care when the services they need are not available in their 
own State.
  The process is difficult and full of red tape, often delaying 
children and their families from receiving the care they desperately 
need and, in some cases, blocking access to care altogether.
  The Accelerating Kids' Access to Care Act will allow States to 
streamline the process for out-of-State pediatric care providers to 
enroll in another State's Medicaid program, while also providing 
important guardrails. This is a commonsense policy that will help 
children with complex medical conditions access critical care.
  Mr. Speaker, I am also pleased to see the bipartisan amendment 
includes crucial pharmacy benefit manager reforms for my Drug Price 
Transparency and Medicaid Act. This provision would prohibit spread 
pricing in Medicaid and clarify that States should reimburse PBMs 
contracting with Medicaid managed care organizations for an 
administrative fee for managing the pharmacy benefit for Medicaid 
beneficiaries.
  This will save taxpayers millions of dollars and will protect 
patients, pharmacies, and others from middleman tactics that drive up 
prescription drug prices.
  Mr. Speaker, I commend the gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks) 
and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Mrs. Trahan) for working on 
this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support the Accelerating Kids' 
Access to Care Act.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the 
gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Mrs. Trahan), the main author of this 
bill.
  Mrs. TRAHAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) for yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, I express my sincere gratitude to Ranking Member 
Pallone, Chair Rodgers, Ranking Member Eshoo, Chairman Guthrie, 
Congresswoman Miller-Meeks, and my colleagues on the Energy and 
Commerce Committee for their unanimous support of this important 
bipartisan, bicameral legislation.
  When medical professionals determine that clinical care is necessary 
to treat a child battling a rare disease, there should be no reason 
that administrative burdens get in the way. However, that is exactly 
what happens far too often to children with complex medical needs.
  In fact, when children with serious health conditions lack access to 
the specialized care that they need in their home State, parents can be 
forced to navigate the complicated process of working with healthcare 
providers and State Medicaid officials to arrange for out-of-State 
care.
  Unfortunately, those same parents are often met with burdensome 
requirements that can lead to significant delays for children in 
desperate need of care. In some cases, it can prevent access to care 
entirely.
  Mr. Speaker, the Accelerating Kids' Access to Care Act is urgently 
needed to eliminate this red tape and ensure that children receive 
appropriate, often lifesaving care that they deserve.
  Mr. Speaker, to highlight the importance of getting this bipartisan 
legislation over the finish line, I highlight a story from a patient 
who was negatively impacted by the onerous and time-consuming Medicaid 
provider screening and enrollment process.
  Almost 3 years ago, a baby, who I will name Lily, was born in a rural 
State with her esophagus in two separate segments and connected 
abnormally to her windpipe. Since this condition requires a 
particularly complicated procedure to correct it, doctors explained to 
the family that there are only two places in the country where it could 
be done. One of them was Boston Children's Hospital, in my home State 
of Massachusetts.
  Mr. Speaker, like most parents, Lily's mom and dad were immediately 
ready to travel to Boston, where the surgeons were standing by to 
perform the lifesaving operation. Instead, Lily, who was a Medicaid 
recipient, was waiting for her home State to enroll the eight providers 
at Boston Children's Hospital who had the expertise to perform this 
complex surgery.

[[Page H5295]]

  Her State, confused about the rules concerning out-of-State provider 
enrollment, wouldn't authorize the surgery that Lily desperately 
needed. Over the next 7 months, Lily's surgery was delayed and 
rescheduled over 3 times. As she waited, she lived with a floppy airway 
that could have collapsed at any moment.
  Mr. Speaker, clearly the stakes are far too high to allow 
bureaucratic hurdles to stand in the way of urgent medical care for 
children like Lily. Failing to address this issue will have severe and 
far-reaching consequences, not only on children who are battling 
complications that could be addressed with immediate care, but also 
their families, who are forced to endure significant financial and 
emotional strain when the care is delayed.
  What is worse is that these delays also lead to a greater reliance on 
emergency services and drive up overall healthcare costs.
  Passage of the Accelerating Kids' Access to Care Act is instrumental 
in fixing this issue. This bipartisan legislation will get us one step 
closer to ensuring that no child on Medicaid has to endure unnecessary 
delays when they need critical care outside of their home State.
  That is why I am so grateful to my colleagues on both sides of the 
aisle and in both Chambers who were instrumental in drafting the 
advancement of this legislation, including Congresswoman Miller-Meeks 
and Senators Grassley and Bennet.
  Mr. Speaker, that is why I urge Members on both sides of the aisle to 
join us in passing this strong, bipartisan, and potentially lifesaving 
legislation.

                              {time}  1945

  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I think we heard from Representative Trahan 
why this is so important. I urge all colleagues to vote for it on a 
bipartisan basis, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan, bicameral 
legislation is critical in making sure that kids have the access to 
lifesaving care that they need without burdensome overregulation.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage a ``yes'' vote on this bill, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4758, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ``A bill to amend 
title XIX of the Social Security Act to streamline enrollment under the 
Medicaid program of certain providers across State lines, and to 
prevent the use of abusive spread pricing in Medicaid.''.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5295-H5296]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




    BOLD INFRASTRUCTURE FOR ALZHEIMER'S REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2024

  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass 
the bill (H.R. 7218) to amend title III of the Public Health Service 
Act to extend the program for promotion of public health knowledge and 
awareness of Alzheimer's disease and related dementias, and for other 
purposes.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7218

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``BOLD Infrastructure for 
     Alzheimer's Reauthorization Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF PROGRAM FOR PROMOTION OF PUBLIC HEALTH 
                   KNOWLEDGE AND AWARENESS OF ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE 
                   AND RELATED DEMENTIAS.

       Section 398B(e) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 
     280c-5(e)) is amended by inserting ``and $33,000,000 for each 
     of fiscal years 2025 through 2029'' before the period at the 
     end.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Iowa.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all 
Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their 
remarks and insert extraneous material into the Record on the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Iowa?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7218, the Building Our Largest 
Dementia, or BOLD, Infrastructure for Alzheimer's Reauthorization Act 
of 2024, led by Representative Brett Guthrie.
  Nearly 7 million Americans, including my mother, aged 65 and older 
are currently living with Alzheimer's. By 2050, this number is 
projected to rise to 12.7 million. This means that over 10 percent of 
people over the age of 65 have Alzheimer's. Sadly, one in three seniors 
dies with Alzheimer's or another type of dementia.
  The cost of this disease is also tremendous, with health and long-
term care costs projected to reach $360 billion in 2024. The BOLD 
Infrastructure for Alzheimer's Reauthorization would continue to 
support and strengthen programs and strategies to promote brain health 
and improve outcomes for individuals living with Alzheimer's and 
related dementias and their caregivers.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7218, the BOLD Infrastructure 
for Alzheimer's Act, sponsored by Health Subcommittee Chairman Guthrie 
and Representative Tonko.
  This bipartisan legislation would reauthorize funding for State and 
local programs that support their public health efforts to address 
Alzheimer's dementia in their communities.
  Approximately 6.9 million Americans ages 65 or older are living with 
Alzheimer's dementia. Given the impact Alzheimer's has on those 
suffering from the disease and their families, it is critical we 
reauthorize funding for the BOLD Act to continue efforts to address 
this disease.
  In 2018, the original BOLD Act was signed into law, which directed 
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to build an Alzheimer's 
public health infrastructure to address the disease across the country. 
Since then, State and local public health departments have been able to 
build out Alzheimer's programs that focus on increasing early detection 
and diagnosis, risk reduction, prevention of avoidable 
hospitalizations, and supporting caregiving for dementia.
  Now, thanks to the BOLD Act, our Nation has made significant strides 
in strengthening our Alzheimer's public health infrastructure. By 
passing this bill, we make a commitment to continue our progress in 
addressing Alzheimer's dementia.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' to reauthorize 
funding for the BOLD Act, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman 
from Kentucky (Mr. Guthrie).
  Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my good friend from Iowa for 
yielding. I also appreciate her leadership on this issue. So many of 
the bills we are debating and talking about tonight under her 
leadership are complementing and bringing in her medical expertise to 
the Energy and Commerce Committee, particularly the Health 
Subcommittee.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight in support of my bill, H.R. 7218, the 
Building Our Largest Dementia, or BOLD, Infrastructure for Alzheimer's 
Reauthorization Act of 2024.
  Nearly 7 million Americans aged 65 and older are currently living 
with Alzheimer's. I know my good friend from Iowa said her mother has 
dementia. I just lost my mother-in-law almost a year ago to 
Alzheimer's.
  By 2050, this number is projected to rise to 12.7 million. This means 
that over 10 percent of people over the age of 65 have Alzheimer's. 
Sadly, one in

[[Page H5296]]

three seniors dies with Alzheimer's or another dementia.
  The cost of this disease is tremendous, particularly in the human 
costs of what it does to families, what it does to the person suffering 
with Alzheimer's, the families' emotions, the exhaustion of dealing 
with this very emotional and difficult disease.
  It is also tremendously costly, with long-term healthcare costs 
projected to reach $360 billion in 2024 and nearly $1 trillion in 2050, 
according to the Alzheimer's Association.
  The BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer's Reauthorization Act would 
enable continued research into Alzheimer's disease, invest in caregiver 
support services, including more hands-on educational resources for 
those caregiving for their loved ones, and help support local efforts 
to detect and diagnose Alzheimer's disease sooner, especially for those 
in rural and medically underserved communities.
  The more we know about this disease, the sooner we will be able to 
appropriately treat it, giving patients more precious time with their 
loved ones and easing the significant caregiver burdens associated with 
Alzheimer's and related dementias.
  I look forward to continued progress in ushering in a new era of 
innovation. I appreciate the bipartisan action that the Energy and 
Commerce Committee has taken on this bill, and I appreciate everybody 
working together.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to continue to show bipartisan 
action by supporting the underlying bill.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. Carter).

  Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for 
yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 7218, the BOLD 
Infrastructure for Alzheimer's Reauthorization Act of 2024.
  As my colleagues have pointed out, this legislation reauthorizes 
programs to drive early screening and detection as well as research 
initiatives to help identify treatments and cures for Alzheimer's 
disease through 2029.
  Alzheimer's is a cruel disease that attacks a person's quality of 
life. As a pharmacist, I saw firsthand the impact Alzheimer's and other 
forms of dementia have on patients, families, caregivers, and society 
overall.
  People living with Alzheimer's lose their memories, their 
independence, their relationships, and, ultimately, their lives.
  Beyond the patients, caregivers and loved ones endure immense 
emotional and financial difficulties.
  With nearly 7 million Americans suffering with Alzheimer's, there is 
a critical need for Federal resources to prevent, treat, and ultimately 
find a cure for this devastating disease.
  I am optimistic that the tide can be reversed. We now have FDA-
approved treatments to slow disease progression, and I think we all can 
agree that we look forward to the day the world has its first survivor 
of Alzheimer's.
  Mr. Speaker, while great progress has been made and new therapies are 
advancing to help patients and caregivers, we cannot let up the fight.
  In honor of those who have battled and continue to battle this 
disease, let's continue to work together to raise awareness and pass 
this bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) will control the balance of time of the 
majority.
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my 
time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill that is very important. We 
know how important it is to address Alzheimer's, so I urge all of my 
colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I urge support, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7218.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5296-H5297]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                MEDICAID PROVIDER SCREENING REQUIREMENTS

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
and pass the bill (H.R. 8112) to amend title XIX of the Social Security 
Act to further require certain additional provider screening under the 
Medicaid program, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8112

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. MEDICAID PROVIDER SCREENING REQUIREMENTS.

       Section 1902(kk)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 
     1396a(kk)(1)) is amended--
       (1) by striking ``The State'' and inserting:
       ``(A) In general.--The State''; and
       (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
       ``(B) Additional provider screening.--Beginning January 1, 
     2027, as part of the enrollment (or reenrollment or 
     revalidation of enrollment) of a provider or supplier under 
     this title, and not less frequently than monthly during the 
     period that such provider or supplier is so enrolled, the 
     State conducts a check of any database or similar system 
     developed pursuant to section 6401(b)(2) of the Patient 
     Protection and Affordable Care Act to determine whether the 
     Secretary has terminated the participation of such provider 
     or supplier under title XVIII, or whether any other State has 
     terminated the participation of such provider or supplier 
     under such other State's State plan under this title (or 
     waiver of the plan), or such other State's State child health 
     plan under title XXI (or waiver of the plan).''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend 
their remarks and insert extraneous material into the Record on the 
bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Washington?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as 
I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 8112 is simple. We should not let bad actors that 
the Medicaid program has determined should not see seniors continue to 
see Medicaid patients.
  Medicare may remove providers for a number of reasons, including 
felonies that take place in the Medicare program or putting its 
beneficiaries at immediate risk, such as a malpractice suit that 
results in conviction for criminal neglect.
  For example, a doctor who has been found guilty of running a pill 
mill can be removed from being able to be paid by Medicare and 
Medicaid. Doctors that have been terminated are listed in the Data 
EXchange, or the DEX, a Federal database that monitors doctors who have 
been terminated from Medicare and Medicaid program, but currently, 
States are not required to check the DEX.
  If a doctor breaks the law in one State and is removed from that 
State's Medicaid program, the doctor will be entered into the Data 
EXchange. However, if my home State isn't checking that, the doctor may 
set up a practice across the State line and be paid by Medicaid.
  This bill is straightforward and would require States to check every 
month to ensure that bad actors aren't in our systems. I hope we can 
all agree that keeping bad actors and bad doctors out of Medicaid is in 
everyone's best interests.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 8112, legislation to 
amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to further require certain 
additional provider screening under the Medicaid program.
  This bill clarifies that States must regularly check a Federal 
database that identifies healthcare providers that have been revoked 
from Medicare

[[Page H5297]]

or terminated from States' Medicaid programs. It is important that 
States regularly take this step to identify providers who have been 
terminated from Medicare or Medicaid for reasons like fraudulent 
conduct or falsification of medical records. Once these bad actors are 
identified, States should take appropriate action against them.
  This is yet another way that we can protect Americans against 
healthcare providers who don't have the best interests of their 
patients in mind.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in voting ``yes'' 
on H.R. 8112, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. D'Esposito).
  Mr. D'ESPOSITO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chair Rodgers for yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge support for my bill, H.R. 8112, the 
Medicaid integrity act.
  As it stands now, bad actor physicians are logged into the Data 
EXchange database, or the DEX, and prohibited from participating and 
billing Medicare, preventing them from further taking advantage of 
America's seniors.
  Tragically, there exists no such protection for Americans on 
Medicaid, as States are not required to check the status of a 
provider's eligibility.
  Americans who rely on Medicaid are among the most vulnerable 
populations in this Nation, and the adoption of my bill would implement 
additional protectors to do right by these vulnerable Americans.
  I was sent to Congress by my neighbors in New York's Fourth 
Congressional District not to restrict or limit Medicare or Medicaid 
but to protect and expand these vital lifesaving programs. The 
legislation my colleagues will soon have an opportunity to vote on will 
do exactly that.

                              {time}  2000

  This 1\1/2\ page bill applies the same simple protections we use for 
Medicare to Medicaid, ensuring the physicians looking to make a quick 
buck on America's most vulnerable are prohibited from doing so.
  This is a no-brainer. This no-brainer legislation strengthens 
Medicaid, ensuring its integrity, and makes good on America's promise 
to our vulnerable and elderly made nearly 60 years ago.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, again, what we are trying to do here, as 
the chair of the committee has said, is get rid of bad actors.
  I think this is an effective way to do it, so I would hope everyone 
would join me on both sides of the aisle in voting ``yes'' on this 
legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I encourage a 
``yes'' vote, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 8112, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5297-H5300]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




AUTISM COLLABORATION, ACCOUNTABILITY, RESEARCH, EDUCATION, AND SUPPORT 
                              ACT OF 2024

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
and pass the bill (H.R. 7213) to amend the Public Health Service Act to 
[enhance activities of the National Institutes of Health with respect 
to research on autism spectrum disorder and enhance programs relating 
to autism/reauthorize certain programs with respect to autism spectrum 
disorder?], and for other purposes, as amended.


 =========================== NOTE =========================== 

  
  On September 17, 2024, page H5297, in the second column, the 
following appeared: Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7213) to amend 
the Public Health Service Act to enhance and reauthorize 
activities and programs relating to autism spectrum disorder, and 
for other purposes, as amended.
  
  The online version has been corrected to read: Mrs. RODGERS of 
Washington. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 7213) to amend the Public Health Service Act to 
[enhance activities of the National Institutes of Health with 
respect to research on autism spectrum disorder and enhance 
programs relating to autism/reauthorize certain programs with 
respect to autism spectrum disorder?], and for other purposes, as 
amended.


 ========================= END NOTE ========================= 


  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7213

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

        This Act may be cited as the ``Autism Collaboration, 
     Accountability, Research, Education, and Support Act of 
     2024'' or the ``Autism CARES Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH ACTIVITIES.

       (a) Expansion of Activities.--Section 409C(a)(1) of the 
     Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 284g(a)(1)) is amended--
       (1) by striking ``) shall, subject to the availability'' 
     and inserting the following: ``), in consultation with 
     relevant Federal departments and agencies, as appropriate, 
     shall--
       ``(A) subject to the availability'';
       (2) by striking ``basic and clinical research in fields 
     including pathology'' and inserting the following: ``basic 
     and clinical research--
       ``(i) in fields, such as pathology'';
       (3) by striking ``toxicology, and interventions'' and 
     inserting the following: ``toxicology, psychiatry, 
     psychology, developmental behavioral pediatrics, audiology, 
     and gerontology; and
       ``(ii) on interventions'';
       (4) by striking ``disorder. Such research shall 
     investigate'' and inserting the following: ``disorder; and
       ``(B) ensure that research referred to in subparagraph 
     (A)--
       ``(i) investigates'';
       (5) by striking ``prevention, services across the lifespan, 
     supports, intervention, and treatment of autism spectrum 
     disorder'' and inserting ``prevention, services and supports 
     across the lifespan, intervention, and treatment of autism 
     spectrum disorder and co-occurring conditions''; and
       (6) by striking ``treatments.'' and inserting the 
     following: ``treatments;
       ``(ii) examines supports for caregivers; and
       ``(iii) reflects the entire population of individuals with 
     autism spectrum disorder, including those individuals with 
     co-occurring conditions and the full range of needs for 
     supports and services, including such supports and services 
     to ensure the safety, and promote the well-being, of such 
     individuals.''.
       (b) Centers of Excellence.--Section 409C(b) of the Public 
     Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 284g(b)) is amended--
       (1) in paragraph (2)--
       (A) by striking ``including the fields of'' and inserting 
     ``in fields such as''; and
       (B) by striking ``behavioral psychology, and clinical 
     psychology'' and inserting ``behavioral psychology, clinical 
     psychology, and gerontology'';
       (2) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ``five'' and inserting 
     ``seven''; and
       (3) in paragraph (5)(B), by striking ``period of not to 
     exceed'' and inserting ``period not to exceed''.
       (c) Public Input.--Section 409C(d) of the Public Health 
     Service Act (42 U.S.C. 284g(d)) is amended to read as 
     follows:
       ``(d) Public Input.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Director shall under subsection 
     (a)(1) provide for means through which the public can obtain 
     information on the existing and planned programs and 
     activities of the National Institutes of Health with respect 
     to autism spectrum disorder and through which the Director 
     can receive comments from the public regarding such programs 
     and activities.
       ``(2) Guidance.--The Director may provide guidance to 
     centers under subsection (b)(1) on strategies, activities, 
     and opportunities to promote engagement with, and solicit 
     input from, individuals with autism spectrum disorder and 
     their family members, guardians, advocates or authorized 
     representatives, providers, or other appropriate individuals 
     to inform the activities of the center. Such strategies, 
     activities, and opportunities should consider including, as 
     appropriate, individuals, family members, and caregivers of 
     individuals with autism spectrum disorder who represent the 
     entire population of individuals with autism spectrum 
     disorder, including those individuals with co-occurring 
     conditions and the full range of needs for supports and 
     services, including such supports and services to ensure the 
     safety, and promote the well-being, of such individuals, to 
     inform the activities of the center.''.
       (d) Budget Estimate.--Section 409C of the Public Health 
     Service Act (42 U.S.C. 284g) is amended by adding at the end 
     the following:
       ``(e) Budget Estimate.--For each of fiscal years 2026 
     through 2029, the Director shall prepare and submit, directly 
     to the President for review and transmittal to Congress, an 
     annual budget estimate for the initiatives of the National 
     Institutes of Health pursuant to the strategic plan developed 
     under section 399CC(b)(5) and updated under section 
     399CC(b)(6)(B), after reasonable opportunity for comment (but 
     without change) by the Secretary and the Interagency Autism 
     Coordinating Committee established under section 399CC.''.

     SEC. 3. PROGRAMS RELATING TO AUTISM.

       (a) Developmental Disabilities Surveillance and Research 
     Program.--Section 399AA of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 280i) is amended--
       (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ``an Indian tribe, or 
     a tribal organization'' and inserting ``an Indian Tribe, or a 
     Tribal organization'';
       (2) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ``across the 
     lifespan'' before the period at the end;
       (3) in subsection (d)(1)--
       (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``tribe; tribal'' 
     and inserting ``Tribe; tribal'';
       (B) by striking ``tribe'' and inserting ``Tribe''; and
       (C) by striking ``tribal'' and inserting ``Tribal''; and
       (4) in subsection (e), by striking ``2024'' and inserting 
     ``2029''.
       (b) Autism Education, Early Detection, and Intervention.--
     Section 399BB of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 
     280i-1) is amended--

[[Page H5298]]

       (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ``culturally 
     competent information'' and inserting ``culturally and 
     linguistically appropriate information'';
       (2) in subsection (b)(2)--
       (A) by striking ``promote research'' and inserting 
     ``promote research, which may include research that takes a 
     community-based approach,''; and
       (B) by striking ``screening tools'' each place it appears 
     and inserting ``screening and diagnostic tools'';
       (3) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ``at higher risk'' 
     and inserting ``at increased likelihood'';
       (4) in subsection (b)(4), by inserting ``, which may give 
     consideration to the perspectives of parents and guardians'' 
     before the semicolon at the end;
       (5) in subsection (b)(7), by striking ``at higher risk'' 
     and inserting ``at increased likelihood'';
       (6) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ``culturally 
     competent information'' and inserting ``culturally and 
     linguistically appropriate information'';
       (7) in subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii), by striking ``culturally 
     competent information'' and inserting ``culturally and 
     linguistically appropriate information'';
       (8) by amending paragraph (1) of subsection (e) to read as 
     follows:
       (9) in subsection (e)(1)--
       (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting 
     ``, and strengthen the capacity of,'' after ``expand''; and
       (B) in subparagraph (A)--
       (i) by striking ``expand existing or develop new'' and 
     inserting ``expand and strengthen the capacity of existing, 
     or, in States that do not have such a program, develop 
     new,''; and
       (ii) by striking ``Act) in States that do not have such a 
     program'' and inserting ``Act)'';
       (C) in subparagraph (B)(v), by inserting ``or other 
     providers, as applicable'' before the semicolon at the end; 
     and
       (D) by amending subparagraph (C) to read as follows:
       ``(C) program sites--
       ``(i) provide culturally and linguistically appropriate 
     services;
       ``(ii) take a multidisciplinary approach and have 
     experience working with underserved populations; and
       ``(iii) identify opportunities to partner with community-
     based organizations to expand the capacity of communities to 
     serve individuals with autism spectrum disorder or other 
     developmental disabilities.'';
       (10) in subsection (e)(2), by adding at the end the 
     following new subparagraph:
       ``(C) Report.--Not later than 2 years after the date of the 
     enactment of the Autism CARES Act of 2024, the Secretary 
     shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the 
     House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, 
     Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report that 
     examines the need for, and feasibility of, expanding the 
     developmental-behavioral pediatrician training programs 
     described in subparagraph (A).'';
       (11) by amending subsection (f) to read as follows:
       ``(f) Intervention.--The Secretary shall promote research 
     through grants or contracts, which may include grants or 
     contracts to research centers or networks, to--
       ``(1) develop and evaluate evidence-based practices and 
     interventions to improve outcomes for individuals with autism 
     spectrum disorder or other developmental disabilities by 
     addressing physical and behavioral health and communication 
     needs of such individuals across the lifespan;
       ``(2) develop guidelines for such evidence-based practices 
     and interventions; and
       ``(3) disseminate information related to such evidence-
     based practices and interventions and guidelines.''; and
       (12) in subsection (g), by striking ``2024'' and inserting 
     ``2029''.
       (c) Interagency Autism Coordinating Committee.--Section 
     399CC of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280i-2) is 
     amended--
       (1) in subsection (b)--
       (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ``, 
     on a regular basis'' after ``shall'';
       (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ``develop a summary'' and 
     inserting ``summarize''; and
       (C) by striking paragraphs (5) and (6) and inserting the 
     following:
       ``(5) develop a strategic plan for the conduct of, and 
     support for, autism spectrum disorder research, as described 
     in section 409C(a)(1), which shall include--
       ``(A) proposed budgetary requirements; and
       ``(B) recommendations to ensure that autism spectrum 
     disorder research, and services and support activities to the 
     extent practicable, of the Department of Health and Human 
     Services and of other Federal departments and agencies are 
     not unnecessarily duplicative; and
       ``(6) submit to the Congress and the President--
       ``(A) an annual update on the summary of advances described 
     in paragraph (2); and
       ``(B) a biennial update on the strategic plan described in 
     paragraph (5), including progress made in achieving the goals 
     outlined in such strategic plan and any specific measures 
     taken pursuant to such strategic plan.''; and
       (2) in subsection (f), by striking ``2024'' and inserting 
     ``2029''.
       (d) Reports to Congress.--Section 399DD of the Public 
     Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280i-3) is amended--
       (1) by striking ``2019'' each place it appears and 
     inserting ``2024''; and
       (2) in subsection (a), by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
     follows:
       ``(1) In general.--Not later than 4 years after September 
     30, 2024, the Secretary, in consultation with other relevant 
     Federal departments and agencies, shall prepare and submit to 
     the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of 
     the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the 
     House of Representatives, and make publicly available, 
     including through posting on the website of the Department of 
     Health and Human Services, a progress report on activities 
     related to autism spectrum disorder and other developmental 
     disabilities. Such report shall include activities and 
     research related to the entire population of individuals with 
     autism spectrum disorder, including those individuals with 
     co-occurring conditions and the full range of needs for 
     supports and services, including such supports and services 
     to ensure the safety, and promote the well-being, of such 
     individuals.'';
       (3) in subsection (b)--
       (A) in the heading of subsection (b), by striking ``HEalth 
     and Well-Being'' and inserting ``Mental Health Needs'';
       (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ``health and well-being'' 
     and inserting ``mental health needs''; and
       (C) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows:
       ``(2) Contents.--The report submitted under paragraph (1) 
     shall contain--
       ``(A) an overview of policies and programs relevant to the 
     mental health of individuals with autism spectrum disorder 
     across their lifespan, including an identification of 
     existing Federal laws, regulations, policies, research, and 
     programs; and
       ``(B) recommendations to improve mental health outcomes and 
     address related disparities in mental health care for 
     individuals with autism spectrum disorder, including 
     prevention, care coordination, and community-based 
     services.'';
       (4) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(c) Update on Young Adults and Youth Transitioning to 
     Adulthood.--Not later than 2 years after the date of 
     enactment of the Autism CARES Act of 2024, the Secretary, in 
     coordination with other relevant Federal departments and 
     agencies, as appropriate, shall prepare and submit to the 
     Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of 
     Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, 
     Labor, and Pensions of the Senate an update to the report 
     required pursuant to subsection (b) of this section, as added 
     by section 6 of the Autism Cares Act of 2014 (Public Law 113-
     157), and in effect before the date of enactment of the 
     Autism CARES Act of 2019 (Public Law 116-60), concerning 
     young adults with autism spectrum disorder and the challenges 
     related to the transition from existing school-based services 
     to those services available during adulthood.''.
       (e) Authorization of Appropriations.--Section 399EE of the 
     Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280i-4) is amended--
       (1) in subsection (a), by striking ``$23,100,000 for each 
     of fiscal years 2020 through 2024'' and inserting 
     ``$28,100,000 for each of fiscal years 2025 through 2029'';
       (2) in subsection (b), by striking ``$50,599,000 for each 
     of fiscal years 2020 through 2024'' and inserting 
     ``$56,344,000 for each of fiscal years 2025 through 2029''; 
     and
       (3) in subsection (c), by striking ``there are authorized 
     to be appropriated $296,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 
     through 2024'' and inserting ``there is authorized to be 
     appropriated $306,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2025 
     through 2029''.

     SEC. 4. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO IMPROVE ACCESS TO 
                   COMMUNICATION TOOLS.

       (a) In General.--The Secretary of Health and Human Services 
     (referred to in this section as the ``Secretary'') may, at 
     the request of a State, Indian Tribe, Tribal organization, 
     locality, or territory, provide training and technical 
     assistance to such jurisdiction on the manner in which 
     Federal funding administered by the Secretary may be used to 
     provide individuals with autism spectrum disorder and other 
     developmental disabilities with access to evidence-based 
     services, tools, and technologies that support communication 
     needs.
       (b) Annual Report.--The Secretary shall annually prepare 
     and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
     Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and 
     Commerce of the House of Representatives a report summarizing 
     any technical assistance provided by the Secretary in the 
     preceding fiscal year under subsection (a) and any 
     advancements in the development or evaluation of such 
     evidence-based services, tools, and technologies.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend 
their remarks and include extraneous material in the Record on the 
bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Washington?

[[Page H5299]]

  There was no objection.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as 
I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7213, the Autism 
Collaboration, Accountability, Research, Education, and Support Act, or 
the Autism CARES Act of 2024, led by Congressman Chris Smith.
  First, I am grateful for all the work that has been done and the 
tremendous leadership of Representative Smith. He has been a fierce 
advocate and a leader on these issues for decades.
  Autism affects an estimated 1 in 36 children in the United States 
with recent studies showing an increasing prevalence nationwide.
  Research has also shown that early intervention and therapies often 
lead to positive outcomes later on in life for individuals with autism.
  The Autism CARES Act of 2024 will reauthorize critical programs and 
activities and support autism research, services, training, and 
monitoring across the Federal Government.
  Importantly, it also takes steps to ensure the public and all 
individuals within the autism community have an opportunity to engage 
in and are included in the research process and other activities 
related to autism spectrum disorder.
  I appreciate the passionate engagement and support from stakeholders 
throughout this process, and I am really grateful that we are 
considering this bill on the floor tonight before the program's 
September 30 expiration.
  I encourage my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7213, the bicameral, 
bipartisan bill to reauthorize the Autism CARES Act, which is sponsored 
by my colleague from New Jersey, Chris Smith.
  The Autism CARES Act, formerly known as the Combating Autism Act, is 
the primary source of Federal funding for autism research services, 
training, and monitoring.
  Since 2006, this law has paved the way for incredible scientific 
developments. Research funded by the law has advanced diagnosis in 
young children 18 to 24 months of age and has helped identify timely 
interventions to make a lifetime difference in the care and treatment 
of individuals with autism spectrum disorder.
  Another significant example of the act's success is the Leadership 
Education in Neurodevelopmental and Other Related Disabilities, or LEND 
program.
  This program has trained nearly 22,000 interdisciplinary health 
professionals in autism screening and identification benchmarks to 
improve diagnosis and care.
  These programs collectively provide diagnostic services to confirm or 
rule out autism or developmental disabilities to over 115,000 children.
  In my home State of New Jersey, the prevalence of autism remains 
alarmingly high as the incidence of autism continues to grow 
nationally.
  We are fortunate to have Rutgers University as the home of New 
Jersey's Autism Center for Excellence, leading the way on several 
important issues to the New Jersey autism community, including 
highlighting disparities in getting diagnosed, providing service 
programs to adults with autism spectrum disorder, and improving the 
lives of people who are living with this disorder. Progress has been 
made, but our work is far from over. We must continue supporting 
children, families, and caregivers throughout their lives.
  I am pleased that through our bicameral, bipartisan negotiations, we 
are able to increase the number of NIH Centers of Excellence from five 
to seven.
  We were also able to come to agreement on requiring more updated 
reporting for the Department of Health and Human Services on mental 
health needs among autism patients.
  This will help provide better research and support for children 
transitioning to adulthood with autism and providing a technical 
assistance center to ensure evidence-based communication tools are 
available to patients with speech pathology or audiological challenges.
  Now, I must say that I am disappointed that the current Speaker's 
protocol prevents us from providing the robust funding necessary to 
meet the implementing agency's projections for this law's 5-year 
reauthorization period. I feel the bicameral, bipartisan compromise 
before us is a strong product, and I urge my colleagues to support it.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith), the prime sponsor and the 
champion of the legislation.
  Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair for her 
leadership on this important issue and so many other health issues that 
is making all the difference in the world.
  This bill would not be on the floor today without her leadership. I 
thank Chairwoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers so very, very much for that 
leadership. I thank my good friend, Frank Pallone, for his strong 
support as well. I thank Henry Cuellar, who is the prime 
Democrat cosponsor.

  Mr. Speaker, 61 Members of the House have cosponsored it. It is a 
totally bipartisan piece of legislation. Anna Eshoo was not only a 
cosponsor but very helpful when we did Autism CARES of 2019. This 
builds on that and expands it and strengthens it going forward.
  I also thank the staff. We know so much of the great hard work, the 
spade work, is done by the staff; Molly Brimmer, Kristin Fritsch, and 
Caitlin Wilson. I also thank John McDonough on my staff. I thought John 
would be here. He will be here in a moment. I thank Scott Badesch who 
worked for the Autism Society, who is now on our staff for a dozen 
years, and also worked for the United Way.
  It is a great collaboration of great people all on behalf of helping 
those on the spectrum, those with severe autism, and, of course, the 
family members and friends who have such a heavy, heavy lift in caring 
for and loving because there are so many challenges.
  Autism spectrum disorder, Mr. Speaker, is a neurodevelopmental 
condition characterized by persistent impairments in social 
communication and social interaction, as well as restricted and 
repetitive patterns of behavior, leading to difficulty in developing, 
maintaining, and understanding relationships with others.
  If that is not enough, frequently accompanying autism are other co-
occurring medical, behavioral, or mental health conditions, including 
gastrointestinal disorders, learning challenges, sleep disorders, 
feeding and eating issues, mental health challenges such as depression 
and anxiety, and sensory sensitivities that can lead to seizures.
  In some cases, certain symptoms are co-occurring conditions that 
result in self-injurious behaviors that present complex challenges to 
parents and caregivers.
  I point out for the record, Mr. Speaker, about 30 years ago, Bobbie 
and Billy Gallagher, parents of two children with autism, who were 
babies at the time, came into my office in Whiting, New Jersey, and 
said we need to do something. Nothing is really being done.
  Sure enough, we found out that CDC was spending about $287,000 a year 
for their entire program, straight line for 5 years.
  I introduced legislation, the Energy and Commerce Committee 
incorporated it into the Children's Health Act, and that began this 
important rise in focus and providing the necessary resources to help 
those with autism to try to find a way of mitigating its impact on both 
the person with it as well as upon the family.
  The Autism CARES Act is a comprehensive reauthorization and 
strengthening of the whole-of-government effort that we have been 
working on now for three decades.
  We wouldn't be here today as well if it wasn't for the organizations. 
Several of them, and we all know them: Autism Speaks, the Association 
of University Centers on Disabilities, The Arc of the United States, 
Profound Autism Alliance, and the Autism Society, among many others, 
provided us useful and very informed thoughts and suggestions that are 
incorporated into this bill.
  For the last 2 years, we have been meeting with them, again, trying 
to find out what needs to be done and

[[Page H5300]]

where there is overlap. We don't want to repeat things that don't need 
to be done.
  I have learned so much about how well this is working under the IACC, 
which is the Interagency Autism Coordinating Committee. They go 
overboard trying to prevent duplicative research so that we are not 
just spending money. We are trying to do it in a way that is very, very 
precise and very focused.
  As the chairwoman a moment ago said, 1 in 36 children in the United 
States are on the spectrum. In my State, it is 1 in 35, so we are one 
of the top three in the country that have manifestations of autism. We 
need to do more on this.
  The bill does also include the idea of the entirety of the age. No 
matter what age you are, if you have autism, we want to help and 
provide the necessary resources.
  We started that last time, and it is making a difference. As my 
friend from New Jersey pointed out, it increases from five to seven the 
NIH Centers of Excellence. NIH does so much in every category to try 
to, again, help those.
  Let me just remind my colleagues, and I will finish with this, that 
we now have the capability to detect autism as early as 18 months. 
Incredible advancements have been made in this area. Yet, the median 
age of diagnosis in the United States is not until 4 years of age. We 
are missing crucial early intervention opportunities by not identifying 
and then helping those who have it.
  I urge passage, and again, I thank the chairwoman.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Carter).
  Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for 
yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 7213, the Autism 
CARES Act of 2024, which reauthorizes and strengthens the autism 
spectrum disorder initiative through 2029.
  The Autism CARES Act is the single most important driver of Federal 
investment in autism research and training programs over the past two 
decades.
  It has led to improvements in early intervention services, a better 
understanding of the prevalence of autism, and a better understanding 
of the co-occurring health conditions that autistic people experience.
  Importantly, it has also been responsible for thousands of future 
health professionals being trained on how to screen, diagnose, and 
provide interventions to autistic people and other individuals with 
neurodevelopmental disabilities to improve their health and well-being.
  Thanks to the Autism CARES Act, many health professionals are better 
equipped to meet the ever-changing and diverse needs of autistic people 
and other people with neurodevelopmental disabilities.
  This bill will ensure ongoing support by NIH of research at 
institutions like the Marcus Autism Center in Atlanta and the Georgia 
LEND program at Georgia State University.
  Located in my home State of Georgia within Children's Healthcare of 
Atlanta, the Marcus Autism Center is one of the largest organizations 
in the country that blends research on autism with providing clinical 
services for children on the autism spectrum and their families.
  I thank Representative Chris Smith for working on this important 
issue, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.

                              {time}  2015

  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I believe the gentlewoman has some 
additional speakers. I continue to reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. Molinaro).
  Mr. MOLINARO. Mr. Speaker, I am certainly grateful to Representative 
Chris Smith for his leadership.
  The Autism CARES Act has made an immeasurable difference in the lives 
of countless Americans living with either autism, neurodivergence 
themselves or the family members who support them.
  The massive investment made by this Federal Government in research, 
education, and intervention has not only ensured great advancement in 
how we diagnose, treat, and assist those living on the autism spectrum, 
but it has helped to bring dignity to their lives.
  I join my colleagues in advocating for the bill. I certainly support 
the legislation. I do so as a Member of Congress, but I also do so as a 
father of an adult living on the autism spectrum. I cannot tell you the 
struggle, the challenge that families like ours and certainly 
individuals like my daughter have had to face.
  Thanks to the Autism CARES Act originally adopted some years ago, now 
reauthorized, every step along the way we now have a partner in 
providing and ensuring that those caregivers, those who interact, those 
who provide care have the tools and the resources necessary to provide 
dignity and opportunity to her life.
  On behalf of my daughter, Abigail Faith Molinaro, I join my 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle and encourage support for the 
Autism CARES Act reauthorization.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to 
close.
  Again, I would say we can see this is a very important piece of 
legislation dealing with autism spectrum disorder, and I urge my 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I encourage a 
``yes'' vote on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7213, as amended.
  The question was taken.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds 
being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.
  Mrs. RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.
  The yeas and nays were ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further 
proceedings on this motion will be postponed.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5300-H5301]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




           MEDICARE AND MEDICAID FRAUD PREVENTION ACT OF 2024

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
and pass the bill (H.R. 8089) to amend title XIX of the Social Security 
Act to require certain additional provider screening under the Medicaid 
program, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8089

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Medicare and Medicaid Fraud 
     Prevention Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. MEDICAID PROVIDER SCREENING REQUIREMENTS.

       Section 1902(kk)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 
     1396a(kk)(1)) is amended--
       (1) by striking ``The State'' and inserting:
       ``(A) In general.--The State''; and
       (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
       ``(B) Additional provider screening.--Beginning January 1, 
     2027, as part of the enrollment (or reenrollment or 
     revalidation of enrollment) of a provider or supplier under 
     this title, and not less frequently than quarterly during the 
     period that such provider or supplier is so enrolled, the 
     State conducts a check of the Death Master File (as such term 
     is defined in section 203(d) of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 
     2013) to determine whether such provider or supplier is 
     deceased.''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend 
their remarks and insert extraneous material in the Record on the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Washington?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as 
I may consume.

[[Page H5301]]

  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 8089, the Medicare and Medicaid Fraud Prevention 
Act is a straightforward bill, and I thank the gentleman from 
California (Mr.  Mike Garcia) for putting forth this proposal.
  The bill would require States to regularly check the Social Security 
Administration's Death Master File for doctors who are enrolled in 
their Medicaid programs and to remove the doctors who are already dead. 
It almost sounds silly, but it can be quite serious.
  When a doctor dies, their national provider identification, or NPI, 
is not immediately deactivated. The NPI of the deceased physician is 
low-hanging fruit for a hacker to steal and start billing Medicaid 
with. This can go on for a long time if no one is checking for 
suspicious activity.
  To address waste, fraud, and abuse, States will need to be an active 
partner. Removing deceased doctors from a State's Medicaid program is a 
simple step States can take.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 8089, the Medicare and 
Medicaid Fraud Prevention Act, sponsored by Representatives  Mike 
Garcia and Peters.
  H.R. 8089 would clarify that State Medicaid agencies must check that 
a healthcare provider has not passed away as part of a provider's 
enrollment and revalidation of enrollment in the Medicaid program. 
States must perform this check using the Social Security 
Administration's Death Master File. This is the same system that H.R. 
8084, the LIVE Beneficiaries Act, would require States to use in order 
to ensure deceased Medicaid enrollees do not remain enrolled in the 
program. We will also be discussing that bill today.
  Ensuring that States check this file helps to identify and prevent 
waste and, in the case of providers, fraudulent activity of individuals 
who may attempt to use the identity of a deceased healthcare provider.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this 
legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from California (Mr.  Mike Garcia).
  Mr. MIKE GARCIA of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank Madam Chair for 
her leadership on these very important issues.
  Since day one of representing my constituents of the beautiful 27th 
Congressional District in the Halls of Congress, I promised to never 
vote to cut Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid. In fact, I have 
been committed to improving or fortifying these programs throughout my 
time in the House of Representatives. It is with this commitment in 
mind that I rise today in support of my bill H.R. 8089, the Medicare 
and Medicaid Fraud Prevention Act.
  In these hyperpartisan times, it feels harder than ever to find 
issues where Republicans and Democrats can come together to find 
commonsense solutions to help American families and help their lives in 
what is otherwise a very tumultuous period. That is why I am grateful 
for the partnership of my fellow Californian, Representative Scott 
Peters, who was the co-lead for this very important bill.
  I also extend my heartfelt gratitude to the Chairwoman of the Energy 
and Commerce Committee, as well as the staff of Chair Rodgers. Her 
leadership has been unprecedented in this Chamber. For everything that 
she has done, I thank her.
  Mr. Speaker, I have long said that programs like Social Security and 
Medicare are, literally, contracts between the government and its 
citizens. The American people need the government to uphold their end 
of the contract by paying into and supporting these programs. The 
American people, literally, are giving their money into these programs 
and in exchange expect the government to return that money to them on 
the back side.
  Congress must uphold our end by ensuring these programs remain viable 
and accessible to those who need them. That includes paying out 
benefits in full to those who earned them, which is why it is so 
important that Congress prioritize repealing things like the windfall 
elimination program and other provisions of Social Security by passing 
bills like H.R. 82, which I am proud to support and hopefully we can 
bring to the floor for a vote, as well.
  Part of this commitment is ensuring that these programs remain 
solvent for years to come. That is exactly what this bill does. This 
bill will save Medicare and Medicaid millions of dollars over time by 
implementing a commonsense measure to ensure that fraudsters and 
scammers don't, literally, steal dead doctors' credentials to bill 
Medicare and Medicaid for services that they never provided. Our 
seniors and Americans deserve to have the funds in these programs used 
for them, not for scammers and fraudsters.
  This is not just about combating fraud. It is about honoring our 
commitment to programs like Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. 
These are programs that countless Americans rely on and deserve to be 
protected. I am proud to support them, and I will continue to support 
and never cut Medicare or Social Security. I once again urge support 
for my bill.

  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to 
close. I urge all my colleagues to vote for this bill. It is obviously 
very important to prevent any kind of fraud in the Medicare and 
Medicaid programs. I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I also encourage 
a ``yes'' vote on the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 8089, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5301-H5302]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




LEVERAGING INTEGRITY AND VERIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR BENEFICIARIES 
                                  ACT

  Mrs. RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 8084) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to 
require States to verify certain eligibility criteria for individuals 
enrolled for medical assistance quarterly, and for other purposes, as 
amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8084

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Leveraging Integrity and 
     Verification of Eligibility for Beneficiaries Act'' or the 
     ``LIVE Beneficiaries Act''.

     SEC. 2. VERIFICATION OF CERTAIN ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR 
                   INDIVIDUALS ENROLLED FOR MEDICAL ASSISTANCE.

       Section 1902 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a) 
     is amended--
       (1) in subsection (a)--
       (A) in paragraph (86), by striking ``; and'' and inserting 
     a semicolon;
       (B) in paragraph (87)(D), by striking the period at the end 
     and inserting ``; and''; and
       (C) by inserting after paragraph (87)(D) the following new 
     paragraph:
       ``(88) provide that the State shall comply with the 
     eligibility verification requirements under subsection (uu), 
     except that this paragraph shall apply only in the case of 
     the 50 States and the District of Columbia.''; and
       (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection:
       ``(uu) Verification of Certain Eligibility Criteria.--
       ``(1) In general.--For purposes of subsection (a)(88), the 
     eligibility verification requirements, beginning January 1, 
     2026, are as follows:
       ``(A) Quarterly screening to verify enrollee status.--The 
     State shall, not less frequently than quarterly, review the 
     Death Master File (as such term is defined in section 203(d) 
     of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013) to determine whether 
     any individuals enrolled for medical assistance under the 
     State plan (or waiver of such plan) are deceased.
       ``(B) Disenrollment under state plan.--If the State 
     determines, based on information obtained from the Death 
     Master File, that an individual enrolled for medical 
     assistance under the State plan (or waiver of such plan) is 
     deceased, the State shall--
       ``(i) treat such information as factual information 
     confirming the death of a beneficiary for purposes of section 
     431.213(a) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (or any 
     successor regulation);
       ``(ii) disenroll such individual from the State plan (or 
     waiver of such plan); and
       ``(iii) discontinue any payments for medical assistance 
     under this title made on behalf of such individual (other 
     than payments for any items or services furnished to such 
     individual prior to the death of such individual).
       ``(C) Reinstatement of coverage in the event of error.--If 
     a State determines that an

[[Page H5302]]

     individual was misidentified as deceased based on information 
     obtained from the Death Master File, and was erroneously 
     disenrolled from medical assistance under the State plan (or 
     waiver of such plan) based on such misidentification, the 
     State shall immediately reenroll such individual under the 
     State plan (or waiver of such plan), retroactive to the date 
     of such disenrollment.
       ``(2) Rule of construction.--Nothing under this subsection 
     shall be construed to preclude the ability of a State to use 
     other electronic data sources to timely identify potentially 
     deceased beneficiaries, so long as the State is also in 
     compliance with the requirements of this subsection (and all 
     other requirements under this title relating to Medicaid 
     eligibility determination and redetermination).''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend 
their remarks and insert extraneous material in the Record on the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Washington?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as 
I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, according to the HHS Office of Inspector General, States 
pay hundreds of millions per year to Medicaid-managed care 
organizations to care for beneficiaries who have passed away.
  It feels almost impossible to believe that precious Medicaid dollars 
intended to help pregnant women, children, and those in need would 
instead go to insurance companies to help manage care for people who 
are already deceased. Yet, it is happening.
  H.R. 8084 will hopefully change this by requiring States to check the 
Social Security Administration's Death Master File every quarter to 
identify individuals still enrolled in the State's Medicaid program who 
are deceased. This is a commonsense solution that will better serve the 
people Medicaid is intended to help. I encourage my colleagues to 
support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 8084, the LIVE 
Beneficiaries Act, sponsored by Representatives Craig and Bilirakis.
  This bipartisan bill would require State Medicaid agencies to use the 
database managed by the Social Security Administration to identify 
people who have passed away yet remain enrolled in the Medicaid 
program.
  In recent years, the Department of Health and Human Services Office 
of the Inspector General has identified payments made by States to 
Medicaid-managed care plans for people who had already passed away.
  H.R. 8084 would help to prevent this wasteful spending by requiring 
States to check the Social Security Administration's Death Master File 
on a quarterly basis at a minimum and to disenroll anyone who is 
deceased before any additional payments can be made inadvertently on 
their behalf.
  Importantly, though, H.R. 8084 includes protections to ensure that in 
the rare circumstance an individual is falsely identified as deceased, 
the State must reinstate the person's coverage retroactive to the date 
that the person was improperly disenrolled.
  Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in voting ``yes'' on 
this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), the subcommittee chair of the 
Innovation, Data, and Commerce Subcommittee of Energy and Commerce, and 
the prime sponsor of this legislation.
  Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair for giving me the 
opportunity to speak. She has done such an outstanding job as chairman 
of the Energy and Commerce Committee. We are so very fortunate. She 
thinks of her constituents and the American people as a whole first, 
and we really appreciate her service.
  I rise in strong support of my bill, H.R. 8084, the Leveraging 
Integrity and Verification of Eligibility, or the LIVE Beneficiaries 
Act.
  I am grateful to have worked in a bipartisan fashion alongside 
Representative Craig, and I thank her for her support of this 
commonsense bill focused on Medicaid program integrity and preventing 
fraud, waste, and abuse to save taxpayer dollars.
  Our legislation requires CMS to ensure that States are certifying, at 
least on a quarterly basis, that enrollees are not listed on the Social 
Security Administration's Death Master File database. We also include a 
provision to give States the ability to check other death records to 
make sure Medicaid beneficiaries are not deceased.
  I mean, what we want is to save money for our senior citizens and 
those who need Medicaid, as well. This is a good bill. Unfortunately, 
it is a must-pass bill. It shouldn't have to happen, but we are going 
to save dollars, and we are going to take care of this with this 
particular bill.
  We also require immediate disenrollment of beneficiaries should they 
verify the death of Medicaid enrollees. This repeals the current CMS 
guidance that forced States to collect additional information about 
their beneficiaries to ensure their records are correct.
  CMS has started to recognize this problem and take some 
administrative steps with States but not enough. This bill will help 
ensure we are abiding by good governance standards in statute. We know 
that too often fraudulent, wasteful payments occur in the Medicaid and 
Medicare programs, and we should continue to find ways to cut down and 
save taxpayer dollars wherever possible.
  Again, the money is intended to go to our seniors and those who are 
on Medicaid. That is what we are doing with this bill. I commend 
Representative Garcia for his bill, as well. I also thank the chairman 
and the ranking member. I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 8084.

                              {time}  2030

  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I am 
prepared to close.
  Mr. Speaker, again, this is a bill that addresses wasteful spending, 
and I think it is important for us to make sure we support it on a 
bipartisan basis.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge a ``yes'' 
vote on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 8084, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5302-H5303]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




            REAUTHORIZATION OF LIFESPAN RESPITE CARE PROGRAM

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
and pass the bill (H.R. 6160) to amend the Public Health Service Act to 
reauthorize a lifespan respite care program, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 6160

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. REAUTHORIZATION OF LIFESPAN RESPITE CARE PROGRAM.

       Section 2905 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 
     300ii-4) is amended by striking ``fiscal years 2020 through 
     fiscal year 2024'' and inserting ``fiscal years 2025 through 
     2029''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington.


                             General Leave.

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend 
their remarks and include extraneous material in the Record on the 
bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Washington?

[[Page H5303]]

  There was no objection.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as 
I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6160, led by Mr. Molinaro, 
which reauthorizes the Lifespan Respite Care Program administered by 
the Administration For Community Living.
  This program helps support State systems to provide community-based 
respite care services to family caregivers tending to children and 
adults with disabilities and chronic conditions.
  There are about 53 million family caregivers in the United States, 
more than 5 million who are parents or guardians caring for children 
with special healthcare needs.
  Many family caregivers have unmet respite needs, and studies show 
that increasing respite accessibility can decrease burnout rates and 
help individuals continue caregiving.
  Reauthorizing the Lifespan Respite Care Program will continue vital 
resources for family caregivers so they can operate at their highest 
potential.
  I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6160, a bill to amend the 
Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the Lifespan Respite Care 
Program led by Representatives Molinaro and Cardenas.
  There are more than 53 million family caregivers in the United 
States. For many, caregiving is a 24/7 job. While it can be very 
rewarding, it can also be emotionally and physically challenging. 
Respite care, the opportunity to temporarily entrust the care of loved 
ones to someone else, is one of the most frequently reported unmet 
needs of caregivers. Respite care can be provided in a variety of 
settings, including the home, adult daycare centers, or residential 
care facilities.
  By providing temporary relief for caregivers, respite care helps to 
reduce the mental stress and physical health issues that caregivers 
might experience. In doing so, respite care also decreases the need for 
professional long-term care and allows people who require care to 
remain at home.
  This bill reauthorizes the Lifespan Respite Care Program operated by 
the Administration for Community Living. This program empowers State 
systems to provide accessible community-based respite care services 
which can contribute to the health and well-being of both caregivers 
and care recipients.
  This important program provides much-needed relief to caregivers and 
helps to improve the availability of respite services to families 
across the age and disability spectrums.
  I encourage all my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 6160, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. Molinaro), the prime sponsor of this 
legislation.
  Mr. MOLINARO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman not only for her 
leadership but for her support of this legislation as well.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 6160, the 
Lifespan Respite Care Reauthorization Act.
  As we know, over 48 million Americans are caring for someone over the 
age of 18. Recent reports from the AARP have shown that caregivers have 
reported increases in stress levels and a decline in overall health.
  Respite services offer families much-needed temporary care or 
supervision for children and adults of all ages with disabilities and 
chronic illnesses.
  As the parent of an adult child with a developmental disability, I 
know firsthand the value of respite care. Having interacted with many 
respite care workers, I know how important their work is and how they 
deserve greater respect and more support.
  My bill authorizes the Lifespan Respite Care Program through fiscal 
year 2029 to provide States with Federal funding to continue to offer 
these essential services and provide relief to our caregivers.
  Authorized by Congress in 2006, the Lifespan Respite Care Program has 
been a lifeline for our caregivers and provides them with critical 
assistance so they can recharge and meet their family's needs.
  Family caregivers are often the unsung heroes who make personal 
sacrifices to care for their loved ones. I am proud to work alongside 
my colleagues to pass this bipartisan Lifespan Respite Care 
Reauthorization Act and continue to provide caregivers with relief and 
assistance so they can lead a balanced life while tending to their 
loved ones.
  I would like to extend my appreciation to Congressman Cardenas for 
his support of this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support 
this commonsense bipartisan bill.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the time remaining.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has 18\1/2\ 
minutes remaining.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, let me just say that respite care is 
obviously very important, and this bill goes a long way toward dealing 
with that. I would ask all my colleagues to support it, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge a ``yes'' 
vote on this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6160, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5303-H5304]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




           POISON CONTROL CENTERS REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2024

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
and pass the bill (S. 4351) to amend the Public Health Service Act to 
reauthorize certain poison control programs.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                                S. 4351

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Poison Control Centers 
     Reauthorization Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF POISON CONTROL PROGRAMS.

       (a) National Toll-Free Number and Other Communication 
     Capabilities.--Section 1271(c) of the Public Health Service 
     Act (42 U.S.C. 300d-71(c)) is amended by striking ``fiscal 
     years 2020 through 2024'' and inserting ``fiscal years 2025 
     through 2029''.
       (b) Promoting Poison Control Center Utilization.--Section 
     1272(c) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d-
     72(c)) is amended by striking ``fiscal years 2020 through 
     2024'' and inserting ``fiscal years 2025 through 2029''.
       (c) Poison Control Center Grant Program.--Section 1273(g) 
     of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d-73(g)) is 
     amended by striking ``fiscal years 2020 through 2024'' and 
     inserting ``fiscal years 2025 through 2029''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend 
their remarks and include extraneous material in the Record on the 
bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Washington?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as 
I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 4351, the Poison Control Centers 
Reauthorization Act of 2024. I thank Mrs. Chavez-DeRemer, the sponsor 
of H.R. 7251, the House bill passed unanimously by the Energy and 
Commerce Committee. We applaud her leadership on this important bill 
and on the reauthorization of this program.
  The Poison Control Network Program supports local poison centers to 
ensure that they can provide 24/7 access to specially trained 
providers, physicians, or toxicology experts, to provide guidance on 
possible poisoning and toxic exposures.
  This reauthorization will help continue to provide resources for the 
Poison Help Line, which is a toll-free number for people to access 
trained experts.

[[Page H5304]]

It also renews funding for a nationwide media campaign to spread 
awareness for the Poison Help Line and disseminate best practices for 
poison prevention.
  In fiscal year 2021, the most common poisonings reported were related 
to medications such as nonprescription fentanyl. This category is the 
most common poisoning that resulted in death for both adults and 
children.
  In fact, children under the age of 6 were involved in almost half of 
all calls to local poison centers.
  Poison centers play a critical role in helping to curb the rates of 
poisonings and toxic exposures. Reauthorizing this program will ensure 
local centers receive the resources they need to educate their 
communities and be available to help patients in need.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 4351, the Poison Control Centers 
Reauthorization Act.
  Each year, there are over 2 million cases of people being exposed to 
poison in the United States. There are many substances implicated in 
poison exposures, from pain medications to cleaning substances to 
cosmetics and personal care products.
  The incidence of poison exposure is highest in children under the age 
of 6, but poisoning affects all age groups, from infants to seniors.
  This is why Congress funds poison control centers to serve all 50 
States and U.S. territories, as well as the National Poison Help Line 
that connects callers with the poison control center serving their 
area. These centers help with poison emergencies and provide 
information to prevent poisonings. They serve as critical lifelines 
that provide all Americans with expert advice 24/7, 365 days a year, at 
no cost.
  Over 70 percent of callers to poison control centers get the help 
they need over the phone and do not need to go to a hospital. Even 
healthcare professionals utilize poison control centers in emergencies.
  The Poison Control Centers Reauthorization Act will reauthorize 
poison control programs, including the National Poison Hotline, 
programs to raise awareness of poison control centers, and direct 
funding for those centers. These important programs are essential to 
getting people the help they need in poison emergencies.
  I thank Representatives Chavez-DeRemer, Davis, Joyce, and Cherfilus-
McCormick for their work on this bill.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on S. 
4351, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Carter), a subcommittee chair on the Energy 
and Commerce Committee.
  Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of 
the Poison Control Centers Reauthorization Act of 2024.
  As my colleagues have pointed out, this legislation reauthorizes the 
national network of poison control centers. These centers are available 
24 hours a day, 7 days a week, to provide free and confidential 
assistance with emergencies and other information to help prevent 
poisoning.
  In fact, the Georgia Poison Center is a critical resource in Georgia, 
responding to over 80,000 calls last year alone. Poison control centers 
are also essential to combating the opioid and fentanyl crisis, because 
not only are these centers often the first resource people seek after 
an opioid overdose occurs, but they also collect real-time data to 
alert impacted communities about opioid abuse and misuse.
  With the rise of elicit fentanyl poisonings across the country, we 
must prioritize these centers and support them to protect our families 
and communities.
  Ensuring the reauthorization of these poison control centers will be 
another step in the right direction to combat the rise of illicit 
opioids that continues to plague our communities.
  I would like to commend my colleagues for their continued leadership 
on this bipartisan legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it.

                              {time}  2045

  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, obviously, it is important for us to 
reauthorize these poison control programs and the centers. I urge my 
colleagues to support this on a bipartisan basis, and I yield back the 
balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I encourage a ``yes'' vote 
on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 4351.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5304-H5306]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




               DeONDRA DIXON INCLUDE PROJECT ACT OF 2024

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
and pass the bill (H.R. 7406) to amend the Public Health Service Act to 
authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out a 
program of research, training, and investigation related to Down 
syndrome, and for other purposes, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7406

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``DeOndra Dixon INCLUDE 
     Project Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. DOWN SYNDROME RESEARCH.

       Part A of title IV of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 281 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the 
     following:

     ``SEC. 404P. DOWN SYNDROME RESEARCH.

       ``(a) In General.--The Secretary, acting through the Office 
     of the Director of NIH, and in consultation with other 
     Federal agencies and partners, shall carry out a program of 
     research, training, and investigation related to Down 
     syndrome to be known as the `INvestigation of Co-occurring 
     conditions across the Lifespan to Understand Down syndromE 
     Project' or the `INCLUDE Project'.
       ``(b) Program Elements.--The program under subsection (a) 
     shall include research, training, and investigation related 
     to--
       ``(1) high-risk, high reward basic science studies of the 
     effects of chromosome 21 on human development and health;
       ``(2) assembling and maintaining a large study population 
     of individuals with Down syndrome;
       ``(3) expanding the number of clinical trials that are 
     inclusive of, or expressly for, individuals with Down 
     syndrome, including novel biomedical and pharmacological 
     interventions and other therapies designed to promote or 
     enhance activities of daily living;
       ``(4) the biological mechanisms in individuals with Down 
     syndrome responsible for structural and functional anomalies 
     in cells, tissues, and organs, cognitive and behavioral 
     dysfunction, and stunted growth;
       ``(5) the identification of biomarkers for the detection of 
     risk factors, diagnosis, and customized interventions and 
     treatments for conditions co-occurring with Down syndrome;
       ``(6) why several co-occurring conditions, such as 
     Alzheimer's Disease and autoimmunity, are prevalent in 
     individuals with Down syndrome and how such conditions can be 
     treated concurrently with Down syndrome; and
       ``(7) improving the quality of life of individuals with 
     Down syndrome and their families.
       ``(c) Coordination; Prioritizing Nonduplicative Research.--
     The Secretary shall ensure that--
       ``(1) the programs and activities of the institutes, 
     centers, agencies, and offices of the National Institutes of 
     Health relating to Down Syndrome and co-occurring conditions 
     are coordinated, including through the Division of Program 
     Coordination, Planning, and Strategic Initiatives under 
     sections 402(b)(7) and 402A(c); and
       ``(2) such institutes, centers, agencies, and offices 
     prioritize, as appropriate, Down syndrome research that does 
     not duplicate existing research activities of the National 
     Institutes of Health.
       ``(d) Technical Assistance.--The Secretary shall provide 
     technical assistance to grantees and other involved entities, 
     as appropriate, for carrying out activities pursuant to this 
     section.
       ``(e) Biennial Reports to Congress.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Secretary shall submit, on a 
     biennial basis, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and 
     the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, 
     Education of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of 
     Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, 
     Labor, and Pensions and the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and 
     Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies of the 
     Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, a report that 
     catalogs the research conducted or supported under this 
     section.
       ``(2) Contents.--Each report under paragraph (1) shall 
     include--
       ``(A) identification of the institute, center, agency, 
     office, or entity involved;
       ``(B) a statement of whether the research is or was being 
     carried out directly by the institute, center, agency, 
     office, or entity or by multiple

[[Page H5305]]

     institutes, centers, agencies, offices, or entities; and
       ``(C) identification of any resulting real world evidence 
     that is or may be used for clinical research and medical care 
     for patients with Down syndrome.
       ``(f) Authorization of Appropriations.--
       ``(1) In general.--To carry out this section, there is 
     authorized to be appropriated $90,000,000 for each of fiscal 
     years 2025 through 2029.
       ``(2) Supplement, not supplant.--Funds appropriated to 
     carry out this section shall be used to supplement, not 
     supplant, other funds allocated by the National Institutes of 
     Health for research and other activities relating to Down 
     syndrome.''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend 
their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Washington?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as 
I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7406, the DeOndra Dixon 
INCLUDE Project Act of 2024, which I have led alongside my colleagues 
Diana DeGette,   Tom Cole, Rosa DeLauro, Pete Stauber, and Eleanor 
Holmes Norton.
  As many know, one of my primary missions here in Congress has been to 
improve the lives of individuals with disabilities. It is deeply 
personal to me.
  Our son, Cole, was born with that extra 21st chromosome, and for the 
past 17 years, I have seen the world through his eyes. It has made me a 
better mom and a better legislator.
  When the INCLUDE Project was established in 2018, Down syndrome was 
among one of the least studied and funded genetic conditions at NIH 
despite being the most common chromosome abnormality, affecting 1 in 
every 700 babies.
  Individuals with Down syndrome also have an increased risk of common 
diseases and medical conditions, such as cardiac issues, autoimmune 
conditions, and an early onset Alzheimer's-type dementia, which means 
the value of this research is hardly limited to the Down syndrome 
community. It has the potential to provide benefits to millions of 
people battling other conditions, as well.
  The INCLUDE Project has made great strides, funding over 200 research 
awards, producing at least 600 publications, and helping to coordinate 
Down syndrome research and resources at over 20 institutes and centers.
  H.R. 7406 will help us take Down syndrome research to new heights and 
usher in a new era of breakthroughs to ensure that every person with 
Down syndrome and their families have the opportunity to reach their 
full potential.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of H.R. 7406, the DeOndra 
Dixon INCLUDE Project Act, sponsored by Chair Rodgers and 
Representatives DeGette, Cole, Holmes Norton, and others.
  This bill would reauthorize for 5 years funding for the INvestigation 
of Co-occurring conditions across the Lifespan to Understand Down 
syndromE. It is known as the INCLUDE Project at the National Institutes 
of Health.
  This bill is named in honor of DeOndra Dixon, a lifelong advocate for 
the Down syndrome community. DeOndra was born with Down syndrome and 
was a tireless advocate for those with the disease. She was an awardee 
of the 2009 Quincy Jones Exceptional Advocacy Award and a 2011 
ambassador for the Quincy Jones Exceptional Advocacy Award.
  Sadly, DeOndra passed away in October 2020, but her memory lives on 
with her loved ones and the many people who she helped throughout her 
years of advocacy.
  H.R. 7406 honors her legacy by continuing to support and fund Down 
syndrome research through the NIH.
  Since its launch in 2018, the INCLUDE Project at NIH has been a key 
mechanism to fund Down syndrome research. In my district, Rutgers 
University received funding from the INCLUDE Project to study the 
predisposition people with Down syndrome have for Alzheimer's disease.
  Studies like these help the scientific community better understand 
the disease and ensure those diagnosed with Down syndrome can live life 
to their fullest potential. This legislation would reauthorize funding 
for the program for 5 years and ensure that we continue to make 
progress in Down syndrome research.
  I thank Chair Rodgers for her leadership on this issue. She has been 
a champion for people living with disabilities, and her advocacy for 
the INCLUDE program demonstrates that ongoing commitment.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes'' to reauthorize 
this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Stauber), the dad of Isaac, most 
importantly.
  Mr. STAUBER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Rodgers for her support 
and steadfast leadership on this issue.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak not just as a Member of Congress 
but as a father to a 22-year-old young man with Down syndrome. My son 
is a living testament to the fact that his value and his potential 
extend far beyond any limitations imposed by his disability.
  Society must never devalue any human life for a perceived flaw or 
defect. For too long, our society did just that with how it viewed and 
treated people with Down syndrome, but when we stopped sending people 
to institutions and started providing proper medical care, such as 
surgery for those with a congenital heart defect, we saw their life 
spans increase beyond what doctors told society was possible.
  The DeOndra Dixon INCLUDE Project Act is a critical step toward 
advancing our understanding of Down syndrome and improving the quality 
of life for those living with it.
  Named in honor of DeOndra Dixon, whose life exemplified resilience 
and excellence, this bill seeks to advance our collective effort to 
ensure that every individual, regardless of their circumstance, 
receives the respect and care they deserve.
  This legislation will provide crucial statutory authority for an 
essential research initiative under the National Institutes of Health. 
The INCLUDE Project dedicated to this cause will benefit from 
solidified funding and framework.

  This bill would enable sustained and coordinated efforts to address 
not only the primary characteristics of Down syndrome but also the 
occurring conditions that can impact individuals' health and well-
being, such as Alzheimer's disease, which was previously mentioned.
  Individuals with Down syndrome have a completely different disease 
spectrum than that of the general population, predisposing them to many 
conditions but protecting them from others.
  INCLUDE allows for more specialized research, which will lead people 
with Down syndrome to live even longer, better lives, and it will 
create breakthroughs in identifying treatments and cures for some of 
the most devastating diseases that affect people like you and me.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow Members to join me in voting ``yes'' on 
the DeOndra Dixon INCLUDE Project Act. Let us stand together to support 
this important initiative and ensure that scientific advancements lead 
to tangible improvements in the lives of individuals with Down 
syndrome.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, this is such an important bill that does 
research on not only Down syndrome but other conditions, and I urge my 
colleagues to support it on a bipartisan basis. I yield back the 
balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to 
support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by

[[Page H5306]]

the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7406, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Page H5306]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




      SUPPORTING AND IMPROVING RURAL EMS NEEDS REAUTHORIZATION ACT

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
and pass the bill (S. 265) to reauthorize the rural emergency medical 
service training and equipment assistance program, and for other 
purposes.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                                 S. 265

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Supporting and Improving 
     Rural EMS Needs Reauthorization Act'' or the ``SIREN 
     Reauthorization Act''.

     SEC. 2. RURAL EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICE TRAINING AND 
                   EQUIPMENT ASSISTANCE PROGRAM.

       Section 330J of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 
     254c-15) is amended--
       (1) in subsection (a), by striking ``the Administrator of 
     the Health Resources and Services Administration (referred to 
     in this section as the `Secretary')'' and inserting ``the 
     Assistant Secretary,'';
       (2) in subsection (c)--
       (A) in paragraph (1)--
       (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ``; and'' and 
     inserting a semicolon; and
       (ii) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(E) ensure emergency medical services personnel are 
     trained on mental health and substance use disorders and care 
     for individuals with such disorders in emergency situations; 
     and''; and
       (B) in paragraph (2)--
       (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``; or'' and inserting 
     a semicolon;
       (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period and 
     inserting ``; or''; and
       (iii) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(D) acquire drugs or devices approved, cleared, or 
     otherwise legally marketed under the Federal Food, Drug, and 
     Cosmetic Act for emergency treatment of known or suspected 
     overdose.'';
       (3) by striking subsection (f);
       (4) by redesignating subsection (g) as subsection (f);
       (5) in subsection (f)(1), as so redesignated, by striking 
     ``2019 through 2023'' and inserting ``2024 through 2028'';
       (6) by redesignating such section 330J as section 553 of 
     the Public Health Service Act; and
       (7) by transferring such section 553, as so redesignated, 
     to appear at the end of part D of title V of the Public 
     Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd et seq.).

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend 
their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Washington?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as 
I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 265, the SIREN Reauthorization 
Act.
  EMS agencies play a critical role within our healthcare system, 
especially in rural areas where they may be the only provider for 
miles. More than half of rural EMS agencies are staffed solely by 
volunteers and oftentimes must raise their own funds just to continue 
operating.
  The SIREN Reauthorization Act would continue vital resources for the 
Rural Emergency Medical Services Training program, which helps support 
local EMS agencies with recruitment and training efforts as well as 
purchasing equipment, including overdose reversal medication.
  First responders are on the front lines of the opioid epidemic and 
must be able to properly acquire and administer overdose reversal 
medications to help save lives and prevent overdose deaths.
  Reauthorizing this program is crucial to help bolster the rural 
health workforce.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support the bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of S. 265, the 
Supporting and Improving Rural EMS Needs Reauthorization Act, or the 
SIREN Reauthorization Act.
  First created in 2018, the SIREN Act created a grant program for 
public and nonprofit emergency medical services, agencies, and fire 
departments in rural areas to support the recruitment, retention, 
education, and equipping of EMS personnel.
  Administered by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services 
Administration, SAMHSA, this grant program has become a key partner to 
rural communities to ensure their EMS systems have funding for the most 
basic of operations. These grants go beyond brick-and-mortar assistance 
by helping rural EMS agencies better train and recruit staff, acquire 
new equipment, and develop new ways to educate EMS personnel.
  These grants have provided critical funding to assist acquiring 
medication, medical supplies, increasing basic and advanced life 
support, and even replacing older response vehicles with newer or safer 
models.
  In communities where the nearest hospital or trauma center is several 
towns away, the small-town or frontier EMS workers are often the 
lifeline for patients in critical and vulnerable States. It is 
imperative that they have the Federal support they need to carry out 
this very important mission without interruption.
  I thank Representatives Dingell and Joyce for their leadership in the 
House and their companion legislation, H.R. 4646, which passed the 
House in May. I also thank Chair Rodgers and subcommittee Chair Guthrie 
for their collaboration to ensure this program continues to receive the 
bipartisan support that it so well deserves.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge that we support this bill to help rural EMS 
services. It is so important in rural areas, and I yield back the 
balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I encourage a ``yes'' vote, 
and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 265.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5306-H5308]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  2100
         SUPPORTING PATIENT EDUCATION AND KNOWLEDGE ACT OF 2024

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
and pass the bill (H.R. 6033) to require the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services to establish a task force to improve access to health 
care information technology for non-English speakers, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 6033

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Supporting Patient Education 
     And Knowledge Act of 2024'' or the ``SPEAK Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. GUIDANCE ON FURNISHING SERVICES VIA TELEHEALTH TO 
                   INDIVIDUALS WITH LIMITED ENGLISH PROFICIENCY.

       (a) In General.--Not later than 1 year after the date of 
     the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Health and 
     Human Services, in consultation with 1 or more entities from 
     each of the categories described in paragraphs (1) through 
     (7) of subsection (b), shall issue and disseminate, or update 
     and revise as applicable, guidance for the entities described 
     in such subsection on the following:
       (1) Best practices on facilitating and integrating use of 
     interpreters during a telemedicine appointment.
       (2) Best practices on providing accessible instructions on 
     how to access telecommunications systems (as such term is 
     used for purposes of section 1834(m) of the Social Security 
     Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(m)) for individuals with limited English 
     proficiency.
       (3) Best practices on improving access to digital patient 
     portals for individuals with limited English proficiency.

[[Page H5307]]

       (4) Best practices on integrating the use of video 
     platforms that enable multi-person video calls furnished via 
     a telecommunications system for purposes of providing 
     interpretation during a telemedicine appointment for an 
     individual with limited English proficiency.
       (5) Best practices for providing patient materials, 
     communications, and instructions in multiple languages, 
     including text message appointment reminders and prescription 
     information.
       (b) Entities Described.--For purposes of subsection (a), an 
     entity described in this subsection is an entity in 1 or more 
     of the following categories:
       (1) Health information technology service providers, 
     including--
       (A) electronic medical record companies;
       (B) remote patient monitoring companies; and
       (C) telehealth or mobile health vendors and companies.
       (2) Health care providers, including--
       (A) physicians; and
       (B) hospitals.
       (3) Health insurers.
       (4) Language service companies.
       (5) Interpreter or translator professional associations.
       (6) Health and language services quality certification 
     organizations.
       (7) Patient and consumer advocates, including such 
     advocates that work with individuals with limited English 
     proficiency.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend 
their remarks and include extraneous material in the Record on the 
bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Washington?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as 
I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6033, the Supporting Patient 
Education And Knowledge Act, or SPEAK Act, of 2024, led by 
Congresswoman Michelle Steel.
  Mrs. Steel's legislation will make telehealth more accessible for 
patients with limited English proficiency. Telehealth became widely 
used during the COVID-19 public health emergency with as many as one in 
four Medicare beneficiaries utilizing the platform.
  In 2022, Congress further extended the availability of telehealth 
services through the end of this year.
  I believe that telehealth technology can, in some cases, help seniors 
access care in a timelier fashion, keeping them healthier and, in some 
cases, avoid costly complications from delayed treatment.
  As Congress considers further extensions of telehealth flexibilities, 
this bill will ensure more seniors with limited English language 
proficiency can still benefit from telehealth.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6033, the Supporting Patient 
Education And Knowledge Act, or SPEAK Act, sponsored by Representatives 
Steel and Gomez and cosponsored by Representative Cardenas.
  H.R. 6033 requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to 
issue guidance to improve access to healthcare for individuals with 
limited English proficiency. Specifically, the bill requires the HHS 
Secretary to consult with healthcare entities such as providers, health 
insurers, and consumer advocacy groups to identify best practices for 
improving access to telehealth services for patients with limited 
English proficiency.
  The expansion of telehealth flexibility during the COVID-19 public 
health emergency and subsequently in the Consolidated Appropriations 
Act of 2023 has allowed millions of patients to receive access to 
necessary care. Since then, further expansion of telehealth services 
has helped provide critical services to hard-to-reach populations and 
helped beneficiaries in areas that are already underserved.
  However, individuals and families with limited English proficiency 
can face significant barriers to accessing telehealth services and 
other healthcare information technology. H.R. 6033 will help identify 
and address barriers to accessing virtual health services for millions 
of patients with limited English proficiency.
  This bill is supported by the National Immigration Law Center, the 
American Medical Association, America's Essential Hospitals, Justice in 
Aging, the National Health Law Program, and the American Academy of 
Family Physicians, among many others.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this 
important bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Steel), who is the leader of this 
legislation.
  Mrs. STEEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge passage of my healthcare 
legislation with Congressman Gomez.
  The Supporting Patient Education And Knowledge Act, the SPEAK Act, 
will improve access to telehealth for 25 million Americans with limited 
English proficiency and will help tackle the over $1.7 billion in 
medical costs driven by language barriers.
  The SPEAK Act will also help bring public and private actors together 
to identify best practices and improve telehealth access for urban and 
rural communities.
  Telehealth services can be more affordable than traditional care, 
addressing a key need at a time of rising costs. It is transforming 
healthcare by increasing access, reducing costs, and improving 
outcomes.
  As we continue to improve healthcare via new technology, I am focused 
on ensuring no American is left behind in the digital age.
  As an immigrant myself who speaks English as a third language, I know 
the importance of services being available to all Americans.
  My beautifully diverse district in southern California is a key 
example. My constituents speak English, Spanish, Vietnamese, Korean, 
Chinese, Tagalog, and more. I am proud to be their champion in 
Congress.
  No matter what language you speak, Mr. Speaker, everyone should have 
access to telehealth. Everyone should have access to high-quality and 
affordable care.
  I thank everyone who has supported the bill and worked hard for its 
passage. The SPEAK Act could be life-changing for so many people.
  Mr. Speaker, I call on the House to pass the SPEAK Act and join me in 
increasing healthcare access, lowering costs, and improving patient 
outcomes.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my 
time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. Cardenas).
  Mr. CARDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6033, the 
Supporting Patient Education And Knowledge Act, which I am proud to co-
lead with my Republican colleague from the other side of the 
aisle, Representative Steel, and several of my colleagues on both sides 
of the aisle.

  I am encouraged by this bipartisan effort and commitment to help 
ensure access to quality care across the United States.
  Clear communication between patients and providers improves critical 
health outcomes, helps prevent potentially deadly errors, and it is the 
cornerstone of our health system.
  As we continue the work to improve healthcare in America, we have a 
responsibility to all people in America, and this includes the 25 
million people with limited English proficiency in the United States.
  A failure to address the challenges individuals with limited English 
proficiency face would impact the health of all Americans, complicating 
expansions of telehealth services, and leading to higher system costs.
  The SPEAK Act is a critical step in addressing these challenges. This 
legislation recognizes the diverse fabric of our Nation and fosters 
collaboration that is vital to guaranteeing our healthcare system meets 
the needs of all individuals.
  By bringing providers, physicians, hospitals, health insurance 
companies, language service providers, and patient voices to the table, 
we advance our shared goal of increasing access while helping patients 
feel secure and confident when they seek care.
  Helping providers communicate accurate health information to limited 
English proficient people benefits everyone. Ensuring telehealth 
advancements are accessible to limited English

[[Page H5308]]

proficient people benefits everyone as well.
  Developing and implementing best practices to overcome barriers 
ensures that every individual, regardless of their linguistic 
background, receives the care they need and deserve.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congresswoman Steel, for co-
leading this bill, and I also would like to take an opportunity to 
thank all of the committee staff and the staff from all of our teams 
for all of the wonderful work that they put into not just this bill but 
the many bills we are discussing this evening.
  One of the things that frustrates me about being a Congressman is 
that beautiful moments like this when we come together and work on a 
bipartisan basis will never be seen on the news. If somebody gets into 
an argument with somebody in committee, they will carry that over and 
over and over, which leads the American people to believe we do not 
work together and that we do not care about everyone. Yes, we do.
  So, once again, I thank the chairwoman, the ranking member, and 
everyone on the committee for bringing these wonderful bills to the 
floor and the many bills we have yet to work on throughout the rest of 
this year.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.

                              {time}  2110

  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would urge support for this 
bipartisan bill because it is so important for improving access for 
telehealth services for persons with limited English proficiency, and I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I encourage a 
``yes'' vote, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6033, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5308-H5309]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




          TELEHEALTH ENHANCEMENT FOR MENTAL HEALTH ACT OF 2024

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
and pass the bill (H.R. 7858) to amend title XVIII of the Social 
Security Act to establish a Medicare incident to modifier for mental 
health services furnished through telehealth, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7858

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Telehealth Enhancement for 
     Mental Health Act of 2024'' or the ``TELEMH Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF MEDICARE INCIDENT TO MODIFIER FOR 
                   MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES FURNISHED THROUGH 
                   TELEHEALTH AND OTHER TELEHEALTH SERVICES.

       Section 1834(m) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 
     1395m(m)) is amended by adding at the end the following new 
     paragraph:
       ``(10) Required use of modifiers in certain instances.--Not 
     later than January 1, 2026, the Secretary shall establish 
     requirements to include a code or modifier, as determined 
     appropriate by the Secretary, in the case of claims for 
     telehealth services under this subsection that are billed 
     incident to a physician's or practitioner's professional 
     service.''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend 
their remarks and include extraneous material in the Record on the 
bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Washington?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as 
I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7858, the Telehealth 
Enhancement for Mental Health Act of 2024, led by the gentleman from 
Michigan (Mr. James), a valuable member of the House Energy and 
Commerce Committee.
  Mr. Speaker, Mr. James' legislation will put in place program 
integrity measures so that we can better understand the extent to which 
telehealth is working for patients on Medicare.
  Over the past several years, telehealth has proven itself to be a 
vital way for patients to access care, especially in rural communities. 
Telehealth services are still being used widely among Medicare 
beneficiaries compared to prepandemic levels. Evaluation and management 
services, such as doctors' visits and following up to imaging, have 
accounted for nearly all of telehealth spending in Medicare.
  As Congress works to continue allowing seniors to access telehealth 
through Medicare, this bill will implement a key recommendation from 
the Department of Health and Human Services inspector general to 
increase transparency and allow more detailed data collection on types 
of providers performing telehealth services.
  This will help ensure Medicare beneficiaries are not just benefiting 
from expanded access and quality care, but the best value these 
technologies have to offer.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.

                                         House of Representatives,


                             Committee on Energy and Commerce,

                               Washington, DC, September 11, 2024.
     Hon. Jason Smith,
     Chair, Committee on Ways and Means,
     Washington, DC.
       Dear Chair Smith: I write regarding H.R. 7858, the ``TELEMH 
     Act of 2024,'' which was referred in addition to the 
     Committee on Ways and Means.
       I ask that the Committee forgo action on the bill so that 
     it may be scheduled for consideration on the House floor. 
     This concession would in no way affect the Committee's 
     jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill. In 
     addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I 
     would support the Committee's request for conferees on the 
     conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include 
     this letter and your response in the Congressional Record 
     during debate on the bill.
       Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the 
     extraordinary cooperation shown by you and your staff over 
     matters of shared jurisdiction. I look forward to further 
     opportunities to work with you this Congress.
           Sincerely,
                                           Cathy McMorris Rodgers,
     Chair.
                                  ____

                                         House of Representatives,


                                  Committee on Ways and Means,

                               Washington, DC, September 11, 2024.
     Hon. Cathy McMorris Rodgers,
     Chair, Committee on Energy and Commerce,
     Washington, DC.
       Dear Chair McMorris Rodgers: Thank you for your letter 
     regarding H.R. 7858, the ``TELEMH Act of 2024.'' As you 
     noted, the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an 
     additional referral on this bill. I agree to forego action on 
     this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House 
     floor for consideration.
       The Committee takes this action with our mutual 
     understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 7858 at 
     this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject 
     matter contained in this bill or similar legislation, and 
     that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and 
     involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so 
     that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. 
     Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of 
     an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate 
     conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks 
     that you support any such request.
       Finally, I would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters 
     on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during 
     floor consideration of H.R. 7858.
           Sincerely,
                                                      Jason Smith,
                                                         Chairman.

  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7858, the Telehealth 
Enhancement for Mental Health Act.
  This bill directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to 
develop a modifier on claims submitted to Medicare for mental health 
services furnished through telehealth. This modifier will allow the 
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services to identify when mental health 
services are being provided virtually by different types of providers 
and will help ensure beneficiaries receiving mental health support 
remotely can access care when they need it.

[[Page H5309]]

  We know that mental health care is healthcare. In the face of an 
ongoing mental health and substance use disorder epidemic, it is 
critical that Medicare beneficiaries are able to access behavioral and 
mental health services virtually.
  This bill will ensure Medicare beneficiaries enjoy continued access 
to high-quality telemental health services from a range of qualified 
providers.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ``yes'' on 
H.R. 7858, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. James).
  Mr. JAMES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. 
Rodgers), my chairwoman, friend, and mentor, for her stellar leadership 
and for giving me a shot.
  One of the big reasons why I ran for Congress in the first place was 
to help people, and this bill, with strong bipartisan support, is going 
to take another step in helping everyday Americans.
  I rise today to speak about my critical bill, H.R. 7858, the 
Telehealth Enhancement for Mental Health Act of 2024. At a time when 
mental health needs are soaring, this bill will revolutionize access to 
mental health care by ushering transformative changes to Medicare 
reimbursement policies for mental health services provided for by 
telehealth.
  It will modernize healthcare delivery by establishing a new modifier, 
or code, tailored explicitly for telehealth-delivered mental health 
services.
  In layman's terms, in normal people's terms, it is hard out there. It 
is tough out there, and Americans need and deserve help from the folks 
that they sent here to represent them. Simply, this bill is a critical 
step toward realizing the full potential of telehealth in delivering 
these vital mental health services to Americans who are at their wits 
end.
  By introducing a specific modifier for telehealth-based mental health 
services, we are not only streamlining the billing and reimbursement 
processes, cutting red tape, but also amplifying access for those in 
need regardless of their geographic barriers or their economic 
abilities.
  Mr. Speaker, this is a no-brainer. Right now, our Nation is 
experiencing a hopelessness crisis, and this bipartisan legislation 
will allow millions to get the care that they need right when and where 
they need it.
  The bottom line is this legislation is going to save lives, and I ask 
all of my colleagues to please support this commonsense, bipartisan 
legislation.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and 
I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, again, now, we are dealing with another 
important telehealth bill for mental health services, and I urge my 
colleagues to support this bill, as well, on both sides of the aisle, 
and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge a ``yes'' 
vote, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7858, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ``A bill to amend 
title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a Medicare incident 
to modifier for mental health services furnished through telehealth and 
other telehealth services.''.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5309-H5310]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       LAUNCH COMMUNICATIONS ACT

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
and pass the bill (S. 1648) to facilitate access to the electromagnetic 
spectrum for commercial space launches and commercial space reentries, 
and for other purposes.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                                S. 1648

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Launch Communications Act''.

     SEC. 2. ACCESS TO ELECTROMAGNETIC SPECTRUM FOR COMMERCIAL 
                   SPACE LAUNCHES AND REENTRIES.

       (a) Service Rules; Allocation.--
       (1) In general.--Not later than 90 days after the date of 
     the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall--
       (A) complete any proceeding in effect as of such date of 
     enactment related to the adoption of service rules for access 
     to the frequencies described in subsection (c) for commercial 
     space launches and commercial space reentries, including 
     technical specifications, eligibility requirements, and 
     coordination procedures to preserve the defense capabilities 
     of the United States; and
       (B) allocate on a secondary basis such frequencies for 
     commercial space launches and commercial space reentries.
       (2) Coordination with national telecommunications and 
     information administration.--The coordination procedures 
     adopted under paragraph (1)(A) shall include requirements for 
     persons conducting commercial space launches and commercial 
     space reentries to coordinate with the Assistant Secretary 
     regarding access to the frequencies described in subsection 
     (c) for commercial space launches and commercial space 
     reentries.
       (3) Limitation.--Access to the frequencies described in 
     subsection (c) in accordance with the service rules adopted 
     under subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1), and the allocation 
     of such frequencies under subparagraph (B) of that paragraph, 
     shall be limited to the use of such frequencies for 
     commercial space launches and commercial space reentries.
       (b) Streamlining of Process for Granting Authorizations.--
     Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of 
     this Act, the Commission shall issue new regulations to 
     streamline the process for granting authorizations for access 
     to the frequencies described in subsection (c) for commercial 
     space launches and commercial space reentries so as to 
     provide for--
       (1) authorizations that include access to such frequencies 
     for multiple commercial space launches from 1 or more Federal 
     space launch sites and multiple commercial space reentries to 
     1 or more Federal space reentry sites;
       (2) authorizations that include access to such frequencies 
     for multiple commercial space launches from 1 or more private 
     space launch sites and multiple commercial space reentries to 
     1 or more private space reentry sites, upon successful 
     coordination with any Federal space launch site within a 
     range for access to such frequencies such that such a 
     commercial space launch or commercial space reentry would not 
     cause harmful interference with Federal systems;
       (3) authorizations that include access to multiple uses of 
     such frequencies for commercial space launch or commercial 
     space reentry;
       (4) electronic filing and processing of applications for 
     authorizations for access to such frequencies for commercial 
     space launches and commercial space reentries; and
       (5) improved coordination by the Commission with the 
     Assistant Secretary (who shall coordinate with the head of 
     any other Federal agency, as the Assistant Secretary 
     considers appropriate) to increase the speed of review of 
     applications for authorizations for access to such 
     frequencies for commercial space launches and commercial 
     space reentries, including coordination to increase 
     automation similar to the automation described in the service 
     rules established by the Commission and the Assistant 
     Secretary to promote the development and use, by entities 
     other than the Federal Government, of spectrum in other 
     bands, including bands with the frequencies between 71 and 76 
     gigahertz, between 81 and 86 gigahertz, and between 92 and 95 
     gigahertz.
       (c) Frequencies Described.--The frequencies described in 
     this subsection are the frequencies between 2025 and 2110 
     megahertz, between 2200 and 2290 megahertz, and between 2360 
     and 2395 megahertz.
       (d) Rule of Construction.--Each range of frequencies 
     described in this section shall be construed to be inclusive 
     of the upper and lower frequencies in the range.
       (e) Definitions.--In this section:
       (1) Assistant secretary.--The term ``Assistant Secretary'' 
     means the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications 
     and Information.
       (2) Commercial space launch.--The term ``commercial space 
     launch'' means a launch licensed under chapter 509 of title 
     51, United States Code.
       (3) Commercial space reentry.--The term ``commercial space 
     reentry'' means a reentry licensed under chapter 509 of title 
     51, United States Code.
       (4) Commission.--The term ``Commission'' means the Federal 
     Communications Commission.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative

[[Page H5310]]

days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous 
material in the Record on the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Washington?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as 
I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1648, the Launch Communications 
Act. Earlier this year, the House of Representatives passed a similar 
version, H.R. 682, which was led by the gentlemen from Florida's Second 
and Ninth Districts, Representatives Soto and Dunn.
  This legislation is the product of bipartisan, bicameral 
negotiations. It takes important steps to streamline the process for 
commercial space launch providers to access the spectrum frequencies 
they need and ensure that a lack of coordination between Federal 
agencies does not hamper the thriving commercial space economy.
  Importantly, just like Congressman Dunn's H.R. 682, this bill not 
only adds a new license model to meet growing demand, but preserves the 
ability of launch providers to avail themselves of the special 
temporary authority model that has served us so well.
  I thank Senator Schmitt for working with us and for leading this 
product in the Senate, and I urge my colleagues to support S. 1648.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support the bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1648, the Launch Communications 
Act.
  Over the last decade, we have seen the costs for exploring space drop 
dramatically. As a result, space launches in this country have 
increased dramatically. In 2013, the Federal Aviation Administration 
authorized eight launches. By 2023, just a decade later, the number was 
117, and the number of space launches is only expected to increase in 
the years to come. Indeed, the FAA has already authorized over 100 
launches this year.

                              {time}  2120

  To ensure our Nation as a global leader in space and other cutting-
edge technologies, we must continue to foster this growth, which, in 
turn, will enhance our national security capabilities.
  Transporting satellites to space cannot happen without launch 
entities having reliable access to electromagnetic spectrum. While the 
FCC has made impressive strides in the last year to allocate more 
spectrum for space launches, additional spectrum resources are needed. 
Congress must build on the FCC's efforts by making more spectrum 
available for commercial space launches as well as the space reentries.
  This bill would help solve this challenge. Specifically, the Launch 
Communications Act directs the FCC to complete a rulemaking proceeding 
and adopt rules so that commercial space launches and reentries have 
access to the spectrum bands identified in the bill. The bill also 
requires the FCC to streamline its process for licensing spectrum to 
commercial space launch providers. Taken together, these efforts will 
better support providers as they communicate with their space vehicles 
during flight and upon reentry.
  While this bill and its House companion are nearly identical, I will 
note that the differences between the two should not have a significant 
impact on the effect of the bill.
  For instance, the House bill included a savings clause to specify 
that nothing in the bill would change the current special temporary 
authority for launch spectrum. While the version we are debating today 
does not have the savings clause, nothing in this bill should impact 
the ability of the FCC to provide access to launch spectrum using its 
special temporary authority.
  I commend Representatives Soto and Dunn for their bipartisan work on 
the House version of the bill. S. 1648 will help secure America's 
leadership in the commercial space industry by strengthening our 
Nation's position as a prime destination for launching satellites into 
space.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and 
I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the 
aisle to support this bill that basically provides commercial space 
launches access to spectrum and does other things to promote space 
launches and reentries.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I also urge and encourage 
everyone to vote ``yes'' on the bill, and I yield back the balance of 
my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 1648.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5310-H5311]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




 FUTURE USES OF TECHNOLOGY UPHOLDING RELIABLE AND ENHANCED NETWORKS ACT

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
and pass the bill (H.R. 1513) to direct the Federal Communications 
Commission to establish a task force to be known as the ``6G Task 
Force'', and for other purposes.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 1513

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Future Uses of Technology 
     Upholding Reliable and Enhanced Networks Act'' or the 
     ``FUTURE Networks Act''.

     SEC. 2. 6G TASK FORCE.

       (a) Establishment.--Not later than 120 days after the date 
     of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall establish 
     a task force to be known as the ``6G Task Force''.
       (b) Membership.--
       (1) Appointment.--The members of the Task Force shall be 
     appointed by the Chair.
       (2) Composition.--To the extent practicable, the membership 
     of the Task Force shall be composed of the following:
       (A) Representatives of companies in the communications 
     industry, except companies that are determined by the Chair 
     to be not trusted.
       (B) Representatives of public interest organizations or 
     academic institutions, except public interest organizations 
     or academic institutions that are determined by the Chair to 
     be not trusted.
       (C) Representatives of the Federal Government, State 
     governments, local governments, or Tribal Governments, with 
     at least one member representing each such type of 
     government.
       (c) Report.--
       (1) In general.--Not later than 1 year after the date on 
     which the Task Force is established under subsection (a), the 
     Task Force shall publish in the Federal Register and on the 
     website of the Commission, and submit to the Committee on 
     Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the 
     Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the 
     Senate, a report on sixth-generation wireless technology, 
     including--
       (A) the status of industry-led standards-setting bodies in 
     setting standards for such technology;
       (B) possible uses of such technology identified by 
     industry-led standards-setting bodies that are setting 
     standards for such technology;
       (C) any limitations of such technology (including any 
     supply chain or cybersecurity limitations) identified by 
     industry-led standards-setting bodies that are setting 
     standards for such technology; and
       (D) how to best work with entities across the Federal 
     Government, State governments, local governments, and Tribal 
     Governments to leverage such technology, including with 
     regard to siting, deployment, and adoption.
       (2) Draft report; public comment.--The Task Force shall--
       (A) not later than 180 days after the date on which the 
     Task Force is established under subsection (a), publish in 
     the Federal Register and on the website of the Commission a 
     draft of the report required by paragraph (1); and
       (B) accept public comments on such draft and take such 
     comments into consideration in preparing the final version of 
     such report.
       (d) Definitions.--In this section:
       (1) Chair.--The term ``Chair'' means the Chair of the 
     Commission.
       (2) Commission.--The term ``Commission'' means the Federal 
     Communications Commission.
       (3) Not trusted.--
       (A) In general.--The term ``not trusted'' means, with 
     respect to an entity, that--
       (i) the Chair has made a public determination that such 
     entity is owned by, controlled by, or subject to the 
     influence of a foreign adversary; or

[[Page H5311]]

       (ii) the Chair otherwise determines that such entity poses 
     a threat to the national security of the United States.
       (B) Criteria for determination.--In making a determination 
     under subparagraph (A)(ii), the Chair shall use the criteria 
     described in paragraphs (1) through (4) of section 2(c) of 
     the Secure and Trusted Communications Networks Act of 2019 
     (47 U.S.C. 1601(c)), as appropriate.
       (4) State.--The term ``State'' has the meaning given such 
     term in section 3 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 
     U.S.C. 153).
       (5) Task force.--The term ``Task Force'' means the 6G Task 
     Force established under subsection (a).

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
Pallone) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend 
their remarks and insert extraneous material into the Record on the 
bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Washington?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as 
I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bill, H.R. 1513, the FUTURE 
Networks Act, led by Representative Matsui.
  The United States leads in the development of next-generation 
wireless technology. We have led the world in the development and 
deployment of 4G technologies, and carriers are now currently deploying 
5G across the country. It is now time to look ahead to the next 
generation, 6G.
  The United States must continue to be at the forefront of 
technological development and keep ahead of our adversaries. To do 
this, we must lead at international standards-setting bodies, identify 
new use cases for 6G, and understand potential security and supply 
chain issues that must be addressed as the technology is developed.
  H.R. 1513 will support this effort by requiring the FCC to establish 
a 6G task force made up of both the public and private sectors to 
develop a report on the standards development process and possible uses 
of sixth-generation technology.
  This task force will ensure that the United States is unified among 
industry and government and is doing what is needed to cement our 
leadership in 6G.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Matsui for her leadership and 
work on this legislation before the Energy and Commerce Committee. This 
bill advanced with a strong, bipartisan vote out of the committee.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1513, the Future Uses of 
Technology Upholding Reliable and Enhanced Networks Act, or FUTURE 
Networks Act.
  This bipartisan bill, sponsored by Representative Matsui, ranking 
member of the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, is an 
important step to protect Americans and our communications networks 
from threats posed by rapidly evolving next-generation technologies. It 
also ensures that the standards used to build technological 
advancements are designed from the start to be safe and secure.
  H.R. 1513 establishes a task force at the Federal Communications 
Commission to study sixth-generation, or 6G, technologies to identify 
potential supply chain and cybersecurity vulnerabilities. The task 
force will include government, public interest advocates, academics, 
and industry.
  The United States leads the world in the innovation of secure and 
resilient next-generation technologies, a position congressional 
Democrats and the Biden-Harris administration have fought to sustain.
  Last year, the Biden-Harris administration released the National 
Cybersecurity Strategy to tackle cybersecurity threats and created a 
safer and more secure digital ecosystem. The FCC also developed the 
Cyber Trust Mark program to make trustworthy products easily 
identifiable to consumers.
  The FUTURE Networks Act is yet another important step to support 
America's leadership in a secure and reliable future. By directing the 
FCC to engage in the exploration of 6G technology in the early stages 
of its development, this bill would enable American values to be 
embedded within the global framework for this technology and to ensure 
it will be available to all Americans.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank Communications and Technology Subcommittee 
Ranking Member Matsui and Representative Walberg for their bipartisan 
work on this bill, which passed unanimously out of the Energy and 
Commerce Committee earlier this year.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1513, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my 
time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. Matsui), the sponsor of the bill.
  Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me 
time.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1513, the FUTURE 
Networks Act.
  To maintain U.S. leadership in wireless communication, we need to be 
proactive in our preparations for the next generation of networks.
  This bill would direct the Federal Communications Commission to bring 
together industry leaders, public interest groups, and government 
experts to establish a 6G task force.
  6G is going to be a global evolution in the way we communicate--not 
only for people, but for devices, factories, infrastructure, and more. 
It will be a global network of networks, handling information from 
nearly every sector of our economy.
  The race to 6G isn't just about faster phones. It is about national 
security, the economy, and America's standing on the international 
stage.
  If we lead, this global technology will be based on our values: 
democracy, open markets, and transparency. If we fall behind, America's 
foreign adversaries will have a new venue to expand their reach. This 
means less openness and more top-down control.
  That is why I am so glad to see this bipartisan bill moving forward 
today. It will ensure our brightest minds in industry, government, and 
academia are advising the U.S. on the strategically vital development 
of 6G.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of suspending the 
rules and passing this legislation.

                              {time}  2130

  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and 
I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to support this bill that 
protects us and keeps us in leadership on next generation technology, 
and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I encourage a 
``yes'' vote on this bill and yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1513.
  The question was taken.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds 
being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.
  Mrs. RODGERS of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas 
and nays.
  The yeas and nays were ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further 
proceedings on this motion will be postponed.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5311-H5312]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   CALIFORNIA HIGH-SPEED RAIL PROJECT

  (Mr. LaMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 
1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. LaMALFA. Mr. Speaker, California's high-speed rail project has 
been a boondoggle of epic proportions, funded mostly by California 
State taxpayers but also some $3 billion plus in so-called shovel-ready 
stimulus money from 2009.

[[Page H5312]]

  After 15 years and a $9 billion bond plus Federal money, what do we 
actually have? We have a project that has ballooned to over $120 
billion with zero miles of track laid and a completion date pushed back 
another decade into the future.
  This is all ostensibly to save carbon dioxide in our atmosphere, but 
I point out to you here that CO<inf>2</inf> is actually .04 percent of 
our atmosphere.
  This is a bottomless money pit, and continuing to throw State and 
Federal dollars at it is a terrible waste when we need to be doing so 
many other things for our people, including agriculture and water 
supply. Revolving doors of CEOs of the California High-Speed Rail 
Authority aren't going to fix this anytime soon.
  California faces a great need for water supply, infrastructure, and 
forest management that could provide a whole lot of benefit that the 
high-speed rail project never will do.
  American taxpayers shouldn't be on the hook for California's 
boondoggle, so let's instead focus on things that will help the 
American people such as building more water supply and growing those 
needed crops that somewhere between 90 and 98 percent only grow in 
California that help the American people.

                          ____________________








[Page H5312]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL AND ENERGY STUDY 
                               INSTITUTE

  (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the 40th anniversary of the 
Environmental and Energy Study Institute, or EESI.
  For four decades, EESI has provided valuable educational 
opportunities, policy analysis, and support to Congress and so many 
others all around the country.
  EESI was founded as a caucus in Congress by a bipartisan group of 
Members, including Dick Ottinger from the great State of New York in 
1975.
  In the 1980s, it became an independent nonprofit focused on educating 
Members and staff, convening stakeholders, and advancing science-based 
solutions for climate, energy, and environmental challenges.
  Many Members attended their annual Renewable Energy and Energy 
Efficiency Expo, which brings cutting-edge energy companies to the Hill 
to show off the latest innovations.
  Over the years, I have been proud to collaborate with EESI so many 
times, and I truly value their work.
  To EESI's staff and supporters, I congratulate them on this 40th 
anniversary, and I wish them many more years of being such an important 
partner to Members of Congress, moving upward and onward with 
additional innovation through the years.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5312-H5313]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          RISING NATIONAL DEBT

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker's announced policy of 
January 9, 2023, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Schweikert) is 
recognized for 13 minutes as the designee of the majority leader.
  Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I think I heard applause and happiness 
that I am only allowed to go for 13 minutes.
  For anyone that is paying attention, it is because of the lateness of 
the hour. My brothers and sisters on the Democrat side, we have to 
split the remaining time.
  That is what is about to happen, so I am going to talk faster than 
normal. I apologize to those trying to take our words down.
  Let's see if I can make the point. I actually edited my boards down 
because I wanted to go through, once again, the actual mathematical 
facts and my intense frustration that our brothers and sisters around 
the country running for office are promising things that there is no 
mathematical way to make them work and a complete void of an honest 
conversation of demographics and debt and the reality of what is going 
on. Let's actually race through this because I think I now have 12 
minutes.
  Please understand this. For every dollar of tax collection this year 
that your Federal Government takes in, we spend $1.39.
  Now, work with me. I used to come behind this microphone just a 
little while ago and say: We borrow 30 cents out of everything--no, we 
borrow 39 cents. If you remove interest, for every dollar we take in, 
we spend $1.21. I need you to process this.
  Please process this. For every dollar of tax collection the United 
States takes in, and that is this year, in a time when the economy has 
actually been pretty good. GDP growth has been pretty good. Tax 
collections have actually been pretty good, and we spend, meaning we 
are functionally borrowing, 39 cents for every dollar we take in.
  Here is the point. How many of you, as Members of Congress--and if 
someone's watching, if you don't see people in the room, that is the 
way it is supposed to be. People are supposed to be back in their 
offices or other places actually doing their work.
  One of the reasons you do these presentations is you are probably on 
a thousand televisions around this campus, and hopefully there are 
still some minds that are open to math.
  Do you see this chart? Do you see the blue? We call that defense and 
nondefense. That is all I, as a Member of Congress, get to vote on. It 
is 26, 25 percent of spending.
  Back to this board. For every dollar of tax collection, we have to 
borrow an additional 39 cents on top of it. Does someone see a math 
problem?
  If what I get to vote on is 26 percent of the budget, it means every 
dime a Member of Congress votes on is borrowed as well as a big chunk 
of what we call mandatory spending.
  How many people are willing to tell that story, whether it be on the 
left or the right? The hallways in this place are full of people 
begging us for more spending. It is an investment, David. We need the 
money.
  I have done chart after chart after chart over the last few years, 
coming in here and showing when we have had very high marginal tax 
rates, we get about 17, 18 percent of the economy in taxes. When we 
have had very low marginal tax rates, we get about 17, 18 percent of 
the economy.
  Will this place start to take it seriously? You have to adopt tax 
policies, regulatory policies, and code policies that dramatically do 
growth. Understand, what is the biggest change that has happened the 
last couple of years? What is the thing that has moved these numbers so 
dramatically?

                              {time}  2140

  I am going to play with this just a little bit.
  Interest. The fact of the matter is, Social Security, $1.460--480 
billion. Total interest, because remember you have to pay the interest 
back to Social Security, the pension plans, all those things, and then 
interest to those who bought our bonds. Remember, the vast majority of 
our bonds are actually bought by Americans.
  Interest now is the second biggest expenditure in the Federal 
Government. It is going to come in total gross interest maybe $1.140--
160 billion.
  Then the next biggest, the third biggest expenditure is now Medicare, 
and number four is actually defense. The thing that is in the 
Constitution now is number four.
  One of the points I want to make here is I was just showing you a 
chart that about 25 percent of what we get to vote on is defense and 
nondefense, and we are over 14 percent is just interest now. 
Understand, in about 10 years that a little less than $1.2 trillion is 
going to be approaching $2 trillion a year.
  Tell me how many things we got to buy with that interest when for 
every dollar of tax collection we take in, $1.39, so 39 cents on top of 
it is borrowed. That is the mathematical reality. This is the thing 
that I get booed at, I get people online saying: Oh, that hurts my 
feelings.
  One hundred percent of the debt for this country from today through 
the next 30 years--go look at CBO's reports, Medicare--sorry, I don't 
mean to get so agitated, Medicare and the interest. In 9 or so years 
when the Social Security trust fund has been depleted, do we reach in 
the general fund and backfill it?
  The insanity is, you hear the debates here: We will just tax rich 
people.
  Even documents from the left say, well, if you do every tax that has 
been proposed on those over $400,000, and

[[Page H5313]]

you adjust for the economics, you get about a point and a half of GDP. 
A point and a half of the size of the economy. For those of us who want 
to cut spending, add up everything we have talked about cutting, it is 
about one point of GDP. You have got a big 2\1/2\ percent there, 2\1/2\ 
percent for every policy on the other side, every policy on our side.
  We are borrowing just a little less than 7 percent of the entire 
economy this year, and the economy is healthy. Dear Heaven, what 
happens if there is a war? What happens if there is another pandemic? 
What happens if parts of the economic clouds come and we have a 
recession? This is the time when things are good. We should be paying 
things back.
  You look at the math. I know some of these charts are impossible to 
read from a distance. I am trying just to make the point that interest 
is our fragility. I have said it here multiple times. Do you want to 
know who really is about to run your country? It is not the Democrats; 
it is not the Republicans. It is not rich people; it is not the unions. 
It is the bond market. If you are borrowing seventy, eighty thousand 
dollars per second every day and you have got to go to the market, 
remember, this year, this fiscal year we will bring $10 trillion to 
market. About eight of that is refinancing of the bonds that roll over. 
It is actually a little more than that.
  If you look at the short end of the curve, they have to roll over a 
lot. Then there are a couple trillion of new issuances. If the world, 
if the bond vigilantes say, well, we don't want those things, we want a 
premium, you look at the charts, and this is actually assuming 
everything is wonderful.
  When you see the CBO projection, and they talk about debt coming into 
the future, this is no pandemic, no war, no recession, yet if you 
listen to these microphones, it is person after person after person 
coming up with new brilliant ideas to spend money. Many of them you 
love. They are moral, they are helpful, and we have no damn way to 
finance them.
  This delusion that we will just tax rich people, I have already shown 
chart after chart after chart, you confiscate all the wealth of those 
designated rich, you run the country for a few months. You crash every 
market, there is no retirement accounts, but you wipe out everything. 
It is just sort of a mathematical delusion.
  There are ways to make this work, but are we going to legalize 
technology?
  Last week, I actually did a presentation, and I was trying to show 
that all these projections of: We are going to take in this much money 
in additional enforcement at the IRS, and we have only hit like a 
fraction, a fraction of what was promised.
  Remember, we are 2 years in. Remember, we originally appropriated 80, 
then it went down to 57. According to CBO, we were supposed to be up 
around 10, 11 billion of additional tax collections coming in from the 
rich. We have hit 1, so we have hit basically 10 percent of the 
promises. That is story after story after story, we are not coming 
anything close to our fantasies.
  Remember, the Inflation Reduction Act was going to pay for itself, 
and then we realized, hey, the subsidies, the planned economy, the new 
managed industrial policy that is America now, it is turning out to 
cost dramatically more. The tax collections didn't come anywhere close.
  We are really bad at math here. We are really good at making public 
policy by feelings, but just try to say, let's have thought 
experiments. What would happen if the IRS used Chat and other things to 
answer the phone, customer service, so the vast majority of people who 
call the IRS could actually have their phone answered? I remember one 
person online said: Well, that would lose jobs.
  I tried to show all that money we set aside for the IRS; it went 
down. Their auditors went down by 8 percent. We gave them billions of 
dollars, and it turns out we have a demographic issue.
  Remember, starting in 1990, birth rates in the United States started 
to roll over. It turns out a lot of people don't want to work for the 
IRS.
  There are ways to use technology to crash the price of healthcare, to 
make the environment healthier, cleaner, to move transportation, to 
actually do tax collections in an honest, fair, moral fashion.

  This place is a protection racket. It is a protection of incumbent 
bureaucracies, incumbent business models. The hallways are full of 
lobbyists right now trying to stop us from disrupting and making our 
brothers and sisters healthier.
  Diabetes is 33 percent of all U.S. healthcare. It is immoral what we 
allow to happen. We can make our brothers and sisters healthier. We can 
do amazing things for the debt and deficit. We just have to be willing 
to do things differently.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5313-H5314]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        SUICIDE PREVENTION MONTH

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker's announced policy of 
January 9, 2023, the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Cherfilus-
McCormick) is recognized until 10 p.m. as the designee of the minority 
leader.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their 
remarks and include any extraneous material on the subject of this 
Special Order hour.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Florida?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I 
rise today to anchor this CBC Special Order hour. For the next 12 
minutes and 30 seconds, Members of the CBC have an opportunity to 
discuss the importance of Suicide Prevention Month, an issue of great 
importance to the Congressional Black Caucus, Congress, the 
constituents we represent, and all Americans.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Carter).
  Mr. CARTER of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair for the 
opportunity to speak.
  As we come together for Suicide Prevention Month, I am deeply aware 
that this heartbreaking crisis is hitting the Black community hard. The 
CDC reported that in 2023, the suicide rate among Black Americans rose 
by 19 percent, with Black youth experiencing the sharpest increase of 
any racial group in the Nation. This alarming trend highlights the 
urgent need for action.
  Every life lost to suicide is a tragedy that makes waves through 
communities and through families, leaving a void that cannot be filled. 
Yet, too many of our loved ones don't get the mental health care and 
support they deserve. As lawmakers, we must confront the uncomfortable 
truth that our current system is simply falling short.
  The Congressional Black Caucus has been at the forefront of 
addressing this epidemic, working tirelessly to secure critical mental 
health resources, but our work is far from over. Suicide Prevention 
Month offers us a moment to reflect on what more we can do, how we can 
ensure these resources reach every individual in need and especially 
our youth.
  We must expand access to culturally competent mental health care, 
reduce stigma, and create safe spaces for our open conversations about 
mental health.

                              {time}  2150

  That is why I introduced the Mental Health Workforce Act, to address 
racial disparities in the mental health field. The bill seeks to 
allocate resources and establish programs that focus on the unique 
needs of marginalized communities, ensuring equitable access to mental 
health services.
  Numerous barriers to access mental healthcare treatment persist in 
communities of color, including the stigma associated with mental 
illness, general distrust of healthcare institutions, and the lack of 
health insurance.
  Together, we can change the trajectory of this crisis and ensure a 
future where every life is valued and protected.
  It is critically important that you know you are not alone, and we 
are here to help.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-MCCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. Jackson).

[[Page H5314]]

  

  Mr. JACKSON of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight because we 
gather on this floor to give recognition to a growing and troubling 
problem in America today.
  Never before have so many young people, and in particular so many 
African-American young people, been susceptible to the tragic influence 
of suicidal thoughts.
  One of the things that we cannot leave out of this discussion is how 
much the anxiety of our politics has contributed to the overall 
dysfunction that has become a cancer on the lives and mental health of 
America's citizens.
  I say to you tonight when people have to worry about political 
violence and insurrections, that is a strain on mental health. When 
people have to be concerned about losing their healthcare when they 
need it most; when people are concerned about the attacks on Medicaid 
and Medicare; when people are concerned about not being able to make 
decisions on their own bodies; when people are concerned about whether 
or not there will be a shooting in their school today; and when people 
have to listen to the former President of the United States demonize 
Haitian immigrants with absolutely no evidence for the erroneous claims 
he happens to be making, it is no wonder that America has become a 
Nation riddled with anxiety.
  Let us be very clear: The will to live is connected to the conditions 
of one's life.
  I am not a mental health expert, Mr. Speaker, but I happen to believe 
that people who have something to live for are often engaged in the act 
of living with a sense of promise and hope.
  I understand that mental health diseases are real and must be treated 
separately, but there are a lot of people in this country who 
contemplate ending their lives not because they have a mental health 
disease but rather because the conditions in which they have to live 
have become overwhelming and completely debilitating.
  Mr. Speaker, and when people can no longer see a future for 
themselves, they are more susceptible to the vicissitudes of despair.
  The epidemic of opioid abuse is indicative of this analysis.
  There are millions upon millions of people in this country who are 
simply trying to escape the conditions of their lives.
  And every day they are fighting not to give in to the encroaching 
darkness that seems to stalk them both day and night.
  And let's be honest, it is a familiar darkness.
  The content of which is comprised of questions like: How will I pay 
my mortgage;
  How can I afford rent and keep up with my car note; and
  How can I pay for the college education of my children while at the 
same time afford school supplies for the ones who are still in 
elementary school.
  It is a familiar darkness.
  It is comprised of concerns about the future of democracy;
  the right to vote;
  racism and the creeping eradication of America's commitment to 
diversity;
  the criminal justice system;
  questions of war and peace; and
  clean water, clean air, and clean food.
  And my question tonight is this: What about them?
  What are we prepared to do in this Congress to make the lives of the 
American people more secure and worthy of what it means to be called an 
American?
  And contrary to what some have come to believe, not everybody in this 
country can pull themselves up by their own bootstraps.
  There are millions of people who proverbially don't even own boots.
  And I still believe that a nation of great wealth owes it to all of 
its citizens to provide a basic level of support, so that while it is 
true that not all of us will have maximum success--none of us, however, 
should be condemned to fail.
  We have a moral and ethical obligation to make the future of this 
country brighter than the one we were born into.
  And we do this not just in the policies we legislate, but also in the 
tone of our politics.
  High octane rhetoric will not bring a level of ease to the hearts and 
minds of the American people.
  And so I say to you tonight, let us not just be concerned about 
preventing suicide without confronting the conditions that make the 
lives of the American people needlessly miserable and more difficult 
than it has to be.
  Let us dedicate ourselves to the flourishing of all people.
  And let us be particularly mindful of the suffering that grows among 
us.
  We want you to know tonight that we see you,
  we hear you,
  we love you,
  and you are not in this battle alone.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the time 
remaining?
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Florida has 7 minutes 
remaining.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today during Suicide 
Prevention Month to bring attention to a deeply troubling issue 
affecting our Nation: racial disparities in suicide rates, particularly 
among Black youth.
  According to the recent data from the CDC, the suicide rate among 
Black youth aged 10 through 19 climbed by a staggering 54 percent 
between 2018 and 2022, exceeding, for the first time, that of their 
White peers.
  In my home State of Florida, where the suicide rate among Black teens 
is the third highest in the country, the need to address this crisis is 
especially urgent. Black youth are also significantly less likely to 
receive the mental health support they need as they face stigma and 
mistrust toward the healthcare system.
  Racial discrimination, economic disenfranchisement, and the lack of 
culturally competent mental health services fuels disparities and 
creates barriers to accessing care, even when it is available.
  We have long understood suicide prevention and mental health 
initiatives to be public health interventions that benefit all 
Americans. It pains me to see such drastic disparities within these 
communities.
  As Black youth suicide rates continue to climb, investments in 
cultural competence training, mental health screenings, research, and 
resources are desperately needed. By taking these steps, we can ensure 
those at risk are connected to the appropriate accessible and 
culturally sensitive care they need and deserve.
  Lastly, we need to do more research into the specific risk factors 
affecting Black youth. Understanding the full scope of the problem is 
essential to developing practical solutions. Federal funding for 
studies that explore how stigma, cultural identity, and community 
engagement influence suicide risk in the Black community is long 
overdue. These studies will guide us in crafting policies and 
interventions that are both targeted and effective.
  The importance of prevention and awareness cannot be understated. 
This Suicide Prevention Month, we must reaffirm our commitment to 
addressing the disparities in mental health head-on and ensure that no 
youth's life is lost to a preventable cause.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind Members to refrain 
from engaging in personalities toward nominees for the Office of 
President.

                          ____________________








[Page H5314]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT

  Kevin F. McCumber, Acting Clerk of the House, reported that on 
September 11, 2024, the following bill was presented to the President 
of the United States for approval:

       H.R. 1076. To require the Comptroller General of the United 
     States to carry out a study on the trafficking into the 
     United States of synthetic drugs, and related illicit 
     finance, and for other purposes.

                          ____________________








[Page H5314]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED

  Kevin F. McCumber, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly 
enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were 
thereupon signed by the Speaker:

       H.R. 7032. An act to amend the Congressional Budget and 
     Impoundment Control Act of 1974 to provide the Congressional 
     Budget Office with necessary authorities to expedite the 
     sharing of data from executive branch agencies, and for other 
     purposes.
       H.R. 7377. An act to amend the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty 
     Management Act of 1982 to improve the management of royalties 
     from oil and gas leases, and for other purposes.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5314-H5315]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              ADJOURNMENT

  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now 
adjourn.
  The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o'clock and 56 minutes 
p.m.), under its previous order, the

[[Page H5315]]

House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 18, 2024, at 10 
a.m. for morning-hour debate.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5315-H5316]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC.

   Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from 
the Speaker's table and referred as follows:

       EC-5324. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of 
     Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the 
     Board's final rule -- Quality Control Standards for Automated 
     Valuation Models [Docket No.: R-1807] (RIN: 7100-AG60) 
     received September 8, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Financial Services.
       EC-5325. A letter from the Acting Deputy Director -- Office 
     of Legislative Affairs, Legal, Federal Deposit Insurance 
     Corporation, transmitting the Corporation's final rule -- 
     Fair Hiring in Banking Act (RIN: 3064-AF92) received August 
     20, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-
     121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial 
     Services.
       EC-5326. A letter from the Director, Financial Crimes 
     Enforcement Network, Department of the Treasury, transmitting 
     the Department's Major final rule -- Anti-Money Laundering 
     Regulations for Residential Real Estate Transfers (RIN: 1506-
     AB54) received September 6, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Financial Services.
       EC-5327. A letter from the Director, Financial Crimes 
     Enforcement Network, Department of the Treasury, transmitting 
     the Department's Major final rule -- Anti-Money Laundering/
     Countering the Financing of Terrorism Program and Suspicious 
     Activity Report Filing Requirements or Registered Investment 
     Advisers and Exempt Reporting Advisers (RIN: 1506-AB58) 
     received September 6, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Financial Services.
       EC-5328. A letter from the Special Counsel, Bank 
     Activities, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, 
     Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department's 
     final rule -- Quality Control Standards for Automated 
     Valuation Models [Docket No.: OCC-2023-0002) (RIN: 1557-AD87) 
     received August 27, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
     Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
     Committee on Financial Services.
       EC-5329. A letter from the Federal Communications 
     Commission, Office of Managing Director, AMD-PPM, Federal 
     Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission's 
     final rule -- In the Matter of Amendment of section 
     73.202(b), Table of FM Allotments, FM Broadcast Stations 
     (Canadian, Texas) [MB Docket No.: 24-111; RM-11980]; 
     Application for Construction Permit to Modify FM Station 
     KPQP, Pandhandle, Texas [File No.: 0000220011; Facility ID 
     No.: 189483] received August 20, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
       EC-5330. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, 
     Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the 
     Commission's final rule -- In the Matter of Amendment of 
     Section 73.622(j), Table of Allotments, Television Broadcast 
     Stations (Jacksonville, Florida) [MB Docket No.: 24-112; RM-
     11981] received August 20, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
       EC-5331. A letter from the Congressional and Public Affairs 
     Specialist, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of 
     Commerce, transmitting the Department's final rule -- 
     Standards-Related Activities and the Export Administration 
     Regulations [Docket No.: 240712-0190] (RIN: 0694-AI06) 
     received August 20, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
     Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
     Committee on Foreign Affairs.
       EC-5332. A letter from the Acting Director, Workforce 
     Policy and Innovation, Office of Personnel Management, 
     transmitting the Office's final rule -- Time-Limited 
     Promotions [Docket ID: OPM-2023-0041] (RIN: 3206-AO52) 
     received August 20, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
     Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
     Committee on Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-5333. A letter from the Senior Regulatory Analyst, 
     Policy and Regulations Branch, PERMA, JAO, U.S. Fish and 
     Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting 
     the Department's final rule -- Subsistence Management 
     Regulations for Public Lands in Alaska--- Applicability and 
     Scope; Tongass National Forest Submerged Lands [Docket No.: 
     FWS-R7-SM-2018-0013; FF07J00000-245-FXFR13350700640] (RIN: 
     1018-BC96) received August 16, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Natural Resources.
       EC-5334. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, 
     NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries -- Greater Atlantic, 
     National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting 
     the Administration's final rule -- Atlantic Surfclam and 
     Ocean Quahog Fisheries; 2020 Fishing Quotas for Atlantic 
     Surfclams and Ocean Quahogs; and Suspension of Minimum 
     Atlantic Surfclam Size Limit [Docket No.: 200204-0043] (RIN: 
     0648-XX032) received August 20, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Natural Resources.
       EC-5335. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator 
     for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable 
     Fisheries -- Southeast Region, National Oceanic and 
     Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration's 
     final rule -- Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and 
     South Atlantic; Coastal Migratory Pelagics Resources in the 
     Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Region; Framework Amendment 6 
     [Docket No.: 190905-0022] (RIN: 0648-BI68) received August 
     20, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-
     121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural 
     Resources.
       EC-5336. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, 
     NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries -- Southeast Region, 
     National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting 
     the Administration's final rule -- Fisheries of the 
     Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Shrimp Fishery 
     of the Gulf of Mexico; Amendment 18 [Docket No.: 200123-0027] 
     (RIN: 0648-BI96) received August 20, 2024, pursuant to 5 
     U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 
     868); to the Committee on Natural Resources.
       EC-5337. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, 
     NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries -- SER, National 
     Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the 
     Administration's final rule -- Fisheries of the Caribbean, 
     Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Fishery 
     Off the Southern Atlantic Region; Regulatory Amendment 30 
     [Docket No.: 200128-0033] (RIN: 0648-BJ31) received August 
     20, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-
     121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural 
     Resources.
       EC-5338. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator 
     for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable 
     Fisheries -- Southeast Region, National Oceanic and 
     Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration's 
     final rule -- Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and 
     South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 
     Revisions to Sea Turtle Release Gear; Amendment 49 [Docket 
     No.: 180427420-8420-02] (RIN: 0648-BH92) received August 20, 
     2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
     Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural 
     Resources.
       EC-5339. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, 
     NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries -- Southeast Region, 
     National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting 
     the Administration's final rule -- Fisheries of the 
     Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-
     Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic Region; Regulatory 
     Amendment 26 [Docket No.: 200220-0060] (RIN: 0648-BI33) 
     received August 20, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
     Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
     Committee on Natural Resources.
       EC-5340. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator 
     for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable 
     Fisheries -- West Coast Region, National Oceanic and 
     Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration's 
     final rule -- Fisheries Off West Coast States; West Coast 
     Salmon Fisheries; Management Measures To Limit Fishery 
     Impacts on Sacramento River Winter-Run Chinook Salmon [Docket 
     No.: 171031999-8355-02] (RIN: 0648-BH40) received August 20, 
     2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
     Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural 
     Resources.
       EC-5341. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of 
     Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries 
     -- Alaska Region, National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
     Administration, transmitting the Administration's temporary 
     rule -- Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; 
     Pollock in Statistical Area 630 in the Gulf of Alaska [Docket 
     No.: 180831813-9170-02] (RTID: 0648-XY071] received September 
     6, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-
     121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural 
     Resources.
       EC-5342. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, 
     NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries -- WCR, National 
     Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the 
     Administration's final rule -- Magnuson-Stevens Act 
     Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast 
     Groundfish Fishery; Pacific Fishery Management Plan; 
     Amendment 28; Correction [Docket No.: 191106-0077] (RIN: 
     0648-BI89) received September 6, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Natural Resources.
       EC-5343. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of 
     Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries-
     Alaska Region, National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
     Administration, transmitting the Administration's temporary 
     rule -- Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; 
     Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Greater Than or Equal to 50 
     Feet Length Overall Using Hook-and-Line Gear in the Central 
     Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 180831813-
     9170-02] (RIN: 0648-XY025) received September 6, 2024, 
     pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
     251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources.
       EC-5344. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable 
     Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries-Alaska 
     Region, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, 
     transmitting the Administration's temporary final rule -- 
     Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Chinook

[[Page H5316]]

     Salmon Prohibited Species Catch Limits in the Gulf of Alaska 
     [Docket No.: 180831813-9170-02; RTID 0648-XY062] received 
     September 6, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
     Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
     Natural Resources.
       EC-5345. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of 
     Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries-
     Alaska Region, National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
     Administration, transmitting the Administration's temporary 
     final rule -- Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off 
     Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Bering Sea and 
     Aleutian Islands [Docket No.: 180713633-9174-02; RTID 0648-
     XY073] received September 6, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Natural Resources.
       EC-5346. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of 
     Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries-
     Alaska Region, National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
     Administration, transmitting the Administration's temporary 
     rule -- Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; 
     Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Less Than 60 Feet (18.3 
     Meters) Length Overall Using Hook-and-Line or Pot Gear in the 
     Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 
     180713633-9174-02] (RTID: 0648-XY064) received September 6, 
     2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
     Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural 
     Resources.
       EC-5347. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of 
     Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries-
     Alaska Region, National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
     Administration, transmitting the Administration's temporary 
     rule -- Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; 
     Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Bering 
     Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 
     180713633-9174-02] (RTID: 0648-XY078) received September 6, 
     2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
     Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural 
     Resources.
       EC-5348. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of 
     Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries-
     SERO, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, 
     transmitting the Administration's temporary rule -- Reef Fish 
     Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 2019 Commercial Accountability 
     Measure and Closure for Gulf of Mexico Gray Triggerfish 
     [Docket No.: 121004518-3398-01; RTID 0648-XS017] received 
     September 6, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
     Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
     Natural Resources.
       EC-5349. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of 
     Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries-
     SERO, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, 
     transmitting the Administration's temporary rule -- Coastal 
     Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and 
     Atlantic Region; 2019-2020 Commercial Closure for King 
     Mackerel in the Gulf of Mexico Western Zone [Docket No.: 
     160426363-7275-02; RTID 0648-XS016] received September 6, 
     2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
     Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural 
     Resources.
       EC-5350. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of 
     Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries-
     Southeast Region, National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
     Administration, transmitting the Administration's temporary 
     rule -- Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic; 2019 
     Recreational Accountability Measure and Closure for the South 
     Atlantic Deep-Water Complex [Docket No.: 100812345-2142-03; 
     RTID 0648-XS018] received September 6, 2024, pursuant to 5 
     U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 
     868); to the Committee on Natural Resources.
       EC-5351. A letter from the Regulations Coordinator, 
     Assistant Secretary for Financial Resources, Department of 
     Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department's 
     final rule -- Annual Civil Monetary Penalties Inflation 
     Adjustment (RIN: 0991-AC34) received August 13, 2024, 
     pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
     251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary.
       EC-5352. A letter from the Chief, Publications and 
     Regulations Section, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting 
     the Service's final regulations -- Plan-Specific Substitute 
     Mortality Tables for Determining Present Value [TD 10005] 
     (RIN: 1545-BQ67) received August 20, 2024, pursuant to 5 
     U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 
     868); to the Committee on Ways and Means.

                          ____________________








[Page H5316]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




         REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS

       Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were 
     delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the 
     proper calendar, as follows:

       Mr. SMITH of Missouri: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 
     9076. A bill to reauthorize and modernize part B of title IV 
     of the Social Security Act to strengthen child welfare 
     services, expand the availability of prevention services to 
     better meet the needs of vulnerable families, and for other 
     purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 118-679). Referred to the 
     Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
       Mr. SMITH of Missouri: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 
     3800. A bill to codify Internal Revenue Service guidance 
     relating to treatment of certain services and items for 
     chronic conditions as meeting the preventive care deductible 
     safe harbor for purposes of high deductible health plans in 
     connection with health savings accounts; with an amendment 
     (Rept. 118-680). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House 
     on the state of the Union.
       Mrs. RODGERS of Washington: Committee on Energy and 
     Commerce. H.R. 455. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances 
     Act to fix a technical error in the definitions (Rept. 118-
     681, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on 
     the state of the Union.
       Mr. WESTERMAN: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 5509. A 
     bill to modernize permitting systems at the Department of the 
     Interior, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 
     118-682). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the 
     state of the Union.
       Mr. STEIL: Committee on House Administration. H.R. 7764. A 
     bill to establish a commission to study the potential 
     transfer of the Weitzman National Museum of American Jewish 
     History to the Smithsonian Institution, and for other 
     purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 118-683). Referred to the 
     Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
       Mr. STEIL: Committee on House Administration. H.R. 9489. A 
     bill to sunset the Advisory Committee on the Records of 
     Congress, and for other purposes (Rept. 118-684). Referred to 
     the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
       Mrs. HOUCHIN: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1455. A 
     resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 
     3724) to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to prohibit 
     recognized accrediting agencies and associations from 
     requiring, encouraging, or coercing institutions of higher 
     education to meet any political litmus test or violate any 
     right protected by the Constitution as a condition of 
     accreditation; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 
     4790) to amend the Federal securities laws with respect to 
     the materiality of disclosure requirements, to establish the 
     Public Company Advisory Committee, and for other purposes; 
     providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5179) to 
     require the maintenance of the country of origin markings for 
     imported goods produced in the West Bank or Gaza, and for 
     other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 
     5339) to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
     1974 to specify requirements concerning the consideration of 
     pecuniary and non-pecuniary factors, and for other purposes; 
     providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5717) to 
     provide that sanctuary jurisdictions that provide benefits to 
     aliens who are present in the United States without lawful 
     status under the immigration laws are ineligible for Federal 
     funds intended to benefit such aliens; providing for 
     consideration of the bill (H.R. 7909) to amend the 
     Immigration and Nationality Act to provide that aliens who 
     have been convicted of or who have committed sex offenses or 
     domestic violence are inadmissible and deportable; and 
     providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. 
     Res. 136) providing for congressional disapproval under 
     chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule 
     submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to 
     ``Multi-Pollutant Emissions Standards for Model Years 2027 
     and Later Light-Duty and Medium-Duty Vehicles'' (Rept. 118-
     685). Referred to the House Calendar.


                         DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE

       Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the 
     Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 455 
     referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of 
     the Union.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5316-H5318]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS

  Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the 
following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows:

           By Mr. SMUCKER (for himself, Mr. Beyer, Mrs. Rodgers of 
             Washington, Mrs. Dingell, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Ms. 
             Norton, and Mr. Stauber):
       H.R. 9614. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
     1986 to make certain provisions with respect to qualified 
     ABLE programs permanent; to the Committee on Ways and Means.
           By Mr. ALLRED (for himself, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Ms. 
             Williams of Georgia, Mr. Veasey, and Ms. Norton):
       H.R. 9615. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 
     2002 to establish minimum notification requirements for 
     voters affected by polling place changes; to the Committee on 
     House Administration.
           By Ms. BARRAGAN:
       H.R. 9616. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and 
     Cosmetic Act to provide for the prompt approval of drugs when 
     safety information is added to labeling, and for other 
     purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
           By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. Ogles, Mr. Gosar, Mr. 
             Crane, Mr. Rosendale, Mr. Good of Virginia, Mr. 
             Duncan, Mr. Harris, Ms. Boebert, Mr. Clyde, Mr. 
             Burchett, and Mrs. Miller of Illinois):
       H.R. 9617. A bill to prohibit grants provided under section 
     106 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 from 
     being used to assist persons who are neither a national of 
     the United States nor lawfully admitted for permanent 
     residence, and for

[[Page H5317]]

     other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services.
           By Ms. CARAVEO:
       H.R. 9618. A bill to require the Director of the Federal 
     Insurance Office to submit an annual report to the President 
     and certain Congressional committees with respect to the 
     automobile insurance industry, and for other purposes; to the 
     Committee on Financial Services.
           By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself and Mr. Foster):
       H.R. 9619. A bill to amend the International Organizations 
     Immunities Act to extend certain privileges and immunities to 
     the European Organization for Nuclear Research; to the 
     Committee on Foreign Affairs.
           By Mr. COHEN:
       H.R. 9620. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and 
     Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize a grant program to 
     assist State and local law enforcement agencies in purchasing 
     body-worn cameras and securely storing and maintaining 
     recorded data for law enforcement officers; to the Committee 
     on the Judiciary.
           By Ms. CRAIG (for herself and Mr. Finstad):
       H.R. 9621. A bill to award career pathways innovation 
     grants to local educational agencies and consortia of local 
     educational agencies, to provide technical assistance within 
     the Office of Career, Technical, and Adult Education to 
     administer the grants and support the local educational 
     agencies with the preparation of grant applications and 
     management of grant funds, to amend the Higher Education Act 
     of 1965 to support community college and industry 
     partnerships, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
     Education and the Workforce.
           By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself, Mr. Thanedar, Ms. Norton, 
             Ms. Tlaib, Mr. Grijalva, Mr. Kennedy, Ms. Lee of 
             Pennsylvania, Ms. Salinas, and Mr. Cohen):
       H.R. 9622. A bill to improve access to oral health care for 
     vulnerable and underserved populations; to the Committee on 
     Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on 
     Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Natural Resources, and 
     Veterans' Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined 
     by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such 
     provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
     concerned.
           By Mr. HARDER of California (for himself and Mr. 
             Moran):
       H.R. 9623. A bill to amend the Office of National Drug 
     Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 1998 to reauthorize the 
     High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program and modify the 
     Program with respect to promising practices, and for other 
     purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Accountability, 
     and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and 
     Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently 
     determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
     such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
     committee concerned.
           By Mr. HORSFORD (for himself and Mr. Norcross):
       H.R. 9624. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 
     1938 to eliminate the separate minimum wage for tipped 
     employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways 
     and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and 
     the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by 
     the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such 
     provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
     concerned.
           By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. Nehls, Mr. Nadler, Mr. 
             Johnson of Georgia, Ms. Lee of Florida, Mr. Bacon, 
             Mr. Van Drew, Mr. Valadao, Ms. Maloy, Mrs. Hinson, 
             Mrs. Kim of California, Mr. LaLota, Mr. Owens, Mr. 
             Green of Texas, Ms. Castor of Florida, Mr. Bentz, 
             Mrs. Bice, Mr. Obernolte, Ms. De La Cruz, Mr. 
             Ciscomani, Mr. Simpson, Mr. Hunt, and Mr. Weber of 
             Texas):
       H.R. 9625. A bill to authorize additional district judges 
     for the district courts and convert temporary judgeships; to 
     the Committee on the Judiciary.
           By Mr. KHANNA:
       H.R. 9626. A bill to direct the Department of Defense to 
     develop a plan for the establishment of a secure computing 
     and data storage environment for the testing of artificial 
     intelligence trained on biological data, and for other 
     purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services.
           By Mr. KHANNA:
       H.R. 9627. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to 
     develop a biotechnology roadmap to guide the efforts of the 
     Department of Defense relating to biotechnology, and for 
     other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services.
           By Mr. KHANNA:
       H.R. 9628. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to 
     collaborate with a federally funded research and development 
     center to assess the biotechnology capabilities of 
     adversaries of the United States, and for other purposes; to 
     the Committee on Armed Services.
           By Mr. KHANNA:
       H.R. 9629. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to 
     expand the exception to the licensure requirement for certain 
     health care professionals providing certain examinations to 
     members of the reserve components; to the Committee on Armed 
     Services.
           By Mrs. KIGGANS of Virginia:
       H.R. 9630. A bill to extend Federal recognition to the 
     Cheroenhaka (Nottoway) Indian Tribe of Virginia, and for 
     other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources.
           By Ms. LEE of California:
       H.R. 9631. A bill to provide for the establishment or 
     expansion of Food ad Medicine programs, and for other 
     purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in 
     addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be 
     subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
     consideration of such provisions as fall within the 
     jurisdiction of the committee concerned.
           By Mr. LUCAS:
       H.R. 9632. A bill to require certain entities to clearly 
     disclose to small business concerns key information about 
     factoring facility agreements prior to entering such 
     agreements with such concerns, and for other purposes; to the 
     Committee on Small Business.
           By Mr. LUCAS:
       H.R. 9633. A bill to codify the Strategic Hub for 
     Innovation and Financial Technology of the Securities and 
     Exchange Commission and LabCFTC of the Commodity Futures 
     Trading Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee 
     on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on 
     Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by 
     the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such 
     provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
     concerned.
           By Ms. MACE (for herself and Ms. Malliotakis):
       H.R. 9634. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to 
     prohibit the National Institutes of Health from conducting or 
     supporting research that causes significant pain or distress 
     to a nonhuman primate, and for other purposes; to the 
     Committee on Energy and Commerce.
           By Mr. NORCROSS (for himself, Mr. Costa, Mr. Bacon, Ms. 
             Norton, Mr. Tonko, and Mr. Fitzpatrick):
       H.R. 9635. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary 
     Education Act of 1965 to authorize a grant program to support 
     students who have epilepsy or a seizure disorder; to the 
     Committee on Education and the Workforce.
           By Mr. PAPPAS (for himself, Mrs. Kiggans of Virginia, 
             Mr. Moore of Utah, and Mr. Molinaro):
       H.R. 9636. A bill to allow States to require payment of 
     State fees related to boating as a condition for issuance of 
     a vessel number and to collect such fees in conjunction with 
     other fees related to vessel numbering; to the Committee on 
     Transportation and Infrastructure.
           By Mr. PHILLIPS (for himself and Mr. Wilson of South 
             Carolina):
       H.R. 9637. A bill to improve defense cooperation between 
     the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan; to the 
     Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the 
     Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently 
     determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
     such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
     committee concerned.
           By Mr. SABLAN (for himself and Mrs. Radewagen):
       H.R. 9638. A bill to amend the definition of State in title 
     I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, 
     and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary.
           By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Ms. Norton, Ms. Williams of 
             Georgia, Mr. Mullin, Mr. Carson, Mr. Deluzio, Ms. 
             Matsui, Mr. Tonko, Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Espaillat, Ms. 
             Brownley, Mr. Auchincloss, Mr. Thanedar, Mr. Johnson 
             of Georgia, Mr. Grijalva, Mrs. Ramirez, Ms. Scholten, 
             Ms. Houlahan, and Mr. Kildee):
       H.R. 9639. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign 
     Act of 1971 to clarify that the prohibition under such Act 
     against the fraudulent misrepresentation of campaign 
     authority and the fraudulent solicitation of funds includes 
     misrepresentation through the use of content generated in 
     whole or in part with the use of artificial intelligence 
     (generative AI), and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
     House Administration.
           By Mr. VARGAS (for himself, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Peters, Ms. 
             Jacobs, and Mr. Levin):
       H.R. 9640. A bill To provide for the water quality 
     restoration of the Tijuana River and the New River; to the 
     Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in 
     addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Natural 
     Resources, Foreign Affairs, and the Budget, for a period to 
     be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
     consideration of such provisions as fall within the 
     jurisdiction of the committee concerned.
           By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself, Mr. Moran, Mr. 
             Soto, and Mr. Moskowitz):
       H.R. 9641. A bill to reauthorize the PROTECT Our Children 
     Act of 2008, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the 
     Judiciary.
           By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida (for himself and Mr. 
             Carbajal):
       H.R. 9642. A bill to amend title 46, United States Code, to 
     require applicants for grants that propose to use digital 
     infrastructure or a software component to certify the 
     applicant has an approved security plan that addresses the 
     cybersecurity risks of such digital infrastructure or 
     software, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
     Transportation and Infrastructure.
           By Ms. WILD (for herself, Mr. Connolly, Ms. DeLauro, 
             and Mr. Larsen of Washington):

[[Page H5318]]

  

       H.R. 9643. A bill to protect and expand nationwide access 
     to fertility treatment, including in vitro fertilization; to 
     the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the 
     Committees on Veterans' Affairs, Armed Services, Education 
     and the Workforce, Ways and Means, and Oversight and 
     Accountability, for a period to be subsequently determined by 
     the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such 
     provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
     concerned.
           By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself, Mr. Joyce of Pennsylvania, 
             Mr. Griffith, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Weber of Texas, Mr. 
             Crenshaw, Mr. Pence, Mr. Balderson, and Mr. Allen):
       H.J. Res. 204. A joint resolution providing for 
     congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United 
     States Code, of the rule submitted by the Environmental 
     Protection Agency relating to ``Review of Final Rule 
     Reclassification of Major Sources as Area Sources Under 
     Section 112 of the Clean Air Act``; to the Committee on 
     Energy and Commerce.
           By Mr. COHEN:
       H. Res. 1452. A resolution providing for consideration of 
     the bill (H.R. 2708) to prohibit discrimination against 
     individuals with disabilities who need long-term services and 
     supports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules.
           By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. Guthrie, Mrs. McBath, 
             and Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania):
       H. Res. 1453. A resolution expressing support for the 
     designation of September 2024 as ``National Workforce 
     Development Month''; to the Committee on Education and the 
     Workforce.
           By Ms. GREENE of Georgia:
       H. Res. 1454. A resolution censuring Representatives Bennie 
     Thompson, Troy Carter, Barbara Lee, Frederica Wilson, Yvette 
     Clarke, Bonnie Watson Coleman, Jasmine Crockett, Joyce 
     Beatty, and Steve Cohen for inciting violence, including two 
     assassination attempts, against President Donald Trump; to 
     the Committee on Ethics.
           By Mr. ADERHOLT (for himself, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Ms. 
             Salazar, Mr. Evans, Mr. Latta, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. Weber 
             of Texas, Mr. Moulton, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Mr. Bishop of 
             Georgia, Mr. Ellzey, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Kean of New 
             Jersey, Mr. Boyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Moore of 
             Alabama, Ms. Lofgren, Mr. Fleischmann, Ms. Garcia of 
             Texas, Mr. Lawler, Mr. Carbajal, Mr. Buchanan, Mr. 
             Davis of North Carolina, Mr. Guest, Mr. Swalwell, Mr. 
             Calvert, Ms. Houlahan, Mr. Rouzer, Mr. Deluzio, Mr. 
             Bacon, Ms. Barragan, Mrs. Cammack, Mr. Neguse, Mr. 
             Pfluger, Mr. Thanedar, Mr. Webster of Florida, Mr. 
             Johnson of Georgia, Mrs. Bice, Mr. Pappas, Mr. 
             Lamborn, Mr. Moolenaar, Mr. Wilson of South Carolina, 
             Mr. Crenshaw, Mr. Duncan, Mr. Van Drew, Mr. Carey, 
             Ms. Malliotakis, Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
             Feenstra, Mr. Babin, Mr. D'Esposito, Mr. Bilirakis, 
             Mr. Strong, and Mr. Loudermilk):
       H. Res. 1456. A resolution expressing support for and 
     honoring September 17, 2024, as ``Constitution Day''; to the 
     Committee on Oversight and Accountability.
           By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself, Mr. Reschenthaler, Mr. 
             Meuser, Mr. Self, Mr. Norman, Mr. Biggs, Mr. Ogles, 
             Mr. Crenshaw, Mr. Buchanan, and Mr. Webster of 
             Florida):
       H. Res. 1457. A resolution strongly condemning Vice 
     President Kamala Harris for championing antilaw enforcement 
     policies and, as a result, encouraging lawlessness across the 
     country; to the Committee on the Judiciary.
           By Mr. CARSON (for himself, Mrs. Beatty, Ms. DelBene, 
             Mr. Fitzpatrick, and Mr. Smucker):
       H. Res. 1458. A resolution Recognizing the contributions of 
     medical research and observing ``Medical Research Week'' from 
     September 16 through September 20, 2024; to the Committee on 
     Energy and Commerce.
           By Mr. LOPEZ:
       H. Res. 1459. A resolution expressing the sense of the 
     House of Representatives that States should reconsider 
     implementing ranked choice voting systems; to the Committee 
     on House Administration.
           By Mr. MOORE of Utah:
       H. Res. 1460. A resolution strongly condemning 
     ``Kamalanomics'', Vice President Kamala Harris' radical 
     economic agenda that has increased inflation, kept 
     unemployment levels painfully high, and raised prices on 
     everyday goods and services for United States families; to 
     the Committee on Financial Services.
           By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Ms. Adams, Ms. Balint, Ms. 
             Barragan, Mrs. Beatty, Ms. Brown, Mr. Carbajal, Mr. 
             Carson, Mr. Carter of Louisiana, Ms. Clarke of New 
             York, Mr. Cleaver, Ms. Crockett, Ms. DelBene, Mrs. 
             Dingell, Mr. Goldman of New York, Mr. Green of Texas, 
             Mr. Grijalva, Ms. Norton, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Ms. 
             Kamlager-Dove, Mr. Kim of New Jersey, Ms. Lee of 
             Pennsylvania, Ms. McClellan, Ms. McCollum, Ms. Moore 
             of Wisconsin, Mrs. Napolitano, Mr. Neguse, Mr. 
             Pallone, Ms. Plaskett, Mr. Raskin, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. 
             David Scott of Georgia, Mr. Scott of Virginia, Ms. 
             Sewell, Ms. Stevens, Mr. Tonko, Mrs. Watson Coleman, 
             Ms. Williams of Georgia, and Ms. Wilson of Florida):
       H. Res. 1461. A resolution supporting the designation of 
     September 2024 as ``National Voting Rights Month''; to the 
     Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees 
     on House Administration, Science, Space, and Technology, 
     Oversight and Accountability, Financial Services, Ways and 
     Means, Natural Resources, Homeland Security, and Education 
     and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined 
     by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such 
     provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
     concerned.

                          ____________________








[Page H5318]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. CRAIG:
       H.R. 9621.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8, Clause 1
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       workforce development.








[Page H5318]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. COHEN:
       H.R. 9620.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Law Enforcement Grants








[Page H5318]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. CASTRO of Texas:
       H.R. 9619.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, Article I, Section 8, 
     Clause 3, and Article I, Section 2, Clause 2.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       This bill amends the International Organizations Immunities 
     Act in order to extend certain privileges and immunities to 
     the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN)








[Page H5318]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. CARAVEO:
       H.R. 9618.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Constitutional Authority--Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 
     I, Sec. 8, Clause 18)
       THE U.S. CONSTITUTION
       ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF CONGRESS
       CLAUSE 18
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       This bill will require the Director of the Federal 
     Insurance Office to submit an annual report to the President 
     and certain Congressional committees with respect to the 
     automobile insurance industry,








[Page H5318]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. BIGGS:
       H.R. 9617.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1, Section 8
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       The single subject of this bill is to prohibit grants under 
     Section 106 of the Housing and Community Development Act from 
     being used to assist persons who are neither a national of 
     the United States nor lawfully admitted for permanent 
     residence.








[Page H5318]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. BARRAGAN:
       H.R. 9616.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Constitution
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to 
     provide for the prompt approval of drugs when safety 
     information is added to labeling, and for other purposes.








[Page H5318]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. ALLRED:
       H.R. 9615.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 4, clause 1
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       This bill establishes minimum requirements for notifying 
     individuals of a change in their polling place for a federal 
     election. Specifically, the bill requires a state that 
     changes an individual's polling place to notify the 
     individual at least seven days before the federal election








[Page H5318]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. SMUCKER:
       H.R. 9614.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States 
     Constitution
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       This bill makes permanent three tax provisions relating to 
     ABLE (Achieving a Better Life Experience) Accounts 
     established to assist disabled individuals, specifically 
     provisions allowing increased contributions to such accounts, 
     the allowance of a retirement savings contribution tax credit 
     up to $1,000, and allowing a tax-free rollover from a 
     qualified tuition (529 plan) to an ABLE account








[Page H5318]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




         CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY AND SINGLE SUBJECT STATEMENTS

  Pursuant to clause 7(c)(1) of rule XII and Section 3(c) of H. Res. 5 
the following statements are submitted regarding (1) the specific 
powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the 
accompanying bill or joint resolution and (2) the single subject of the 
bill or joint resolution.








[Pages H5318-H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mrs. DINGELL:
       H.R. 9622.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       The Constitutional authority of Congress to enact this 
     legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United 
     States Constitution.

[[Page H5319]]

       The single subject of this legislation is:
       This bill covers areas aimed at ending the dental crisis in 
     America by expanding coverage, creating new access points, 
     enhancing the workforce, improving education, and funding new 
     research.








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. WILD:
       H.R. 9643.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I Section VIII
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To protect and expand nationwide access to fertility 
     treatment, including in vitro fertilization.








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida:
       H.R. 9642.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8 of the United States Consitution
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Transportation safety and security








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ:
       H.R. 9641.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Reauthorizes the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008.








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. VARGAS:
       H.R. 9640.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       (1) To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper 
     for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all 
     other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of 
     the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof, 
     as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
     Constitution
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       This bill establishes programs that address water pollution 
     along the U.S.-Mexico border.
       Specifically, the bill requires the Environmental 
     Protection Agency (EPA) to establish the Tijuana River Public 
     Health and Water Quality Restoration Program Under the 
     program, the EPA must








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. SCHIFF:
       H.R. 9639.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Artificial Intelligence








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. SABLAN:
       H.R. 9638.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To amend the definition of State in title I of the Omnibus 
     Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, and for other 
     purposes.








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. PHILLIPS:
       H.R. 9637.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1, Section 8
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To improve defense cooperation between the United States 
     and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. PAPPAS:
       H.R. 9636.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To allow States to require payment of State fees related to 
     boating as a condition for issuance of a vessel number and to 
     collect such fees in conjunction with other fees related to 
     vessel numbering.








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. NORCROSS:
       H.R. 9635.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 18)
       The single subject of this legislation is: Seizures








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. MACE:
       H.R. 9634.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       to prohibit the National Institutes of Health from 
     conducting or supporting research that causes significant 
     pain or distress to a nonhuman primate.








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. LUCAS:
       H.R. 9633.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1, Seciton 8, Clause 3
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       This bill codifies the Strategic Hub for Innovation and 
     Financial Technology of the Securities and Exchange 
     Commission and LabCFTC of the Commodity Futures Trading 
     Commission.








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. LUCAS:
       H.R. 9632.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1, Seciton 8, Clause 3
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To require certain entities to clearly disclose to small 
     business concerns key information about factoring facility 
     agreements prior to entering such agreements with such 
     concerns.








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. LEE of California:
       H.R. 9631.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       article 1 section 8 of the United States constitution
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       This bill aims to treat, prevent, and reverse chronic 
     health conditions and addresses food insecurity.








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mrs. KIGGANS of Virginia:
       H.R. 9630.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       The bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, 
     Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, which provides 
     Congress with the power to regulate commerces and relations 
     between the United States and Indian Tribes.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       This bill will provide federal recognition to the 
     Cheroenhaka (Nottoway) Tribe.








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. KHANNA:
       H.R. 9629.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is 
     the power of Congress to make rules for the government and 
     regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in 
     Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States 
     Constitution.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Armed Services








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. KHANNA:
       H.R. 9628.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is 
     the power of Congress to make rules for the government and 
     regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in 
     Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States 
     Constitution.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Armed Services








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. KHANNA:
       H.R. 9627.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is 
     the power of Congress to make rules for the government and 
     regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in 
     Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States 
     Constitution
       The single subject of this legislation is.
       Armed Services








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. KHANNA:
       H.R. 9626.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is 
     the power of Congress to make rules for the government and 
     regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in 
     Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States 
     Constitution.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Armed Services








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. ISSA:
       H.R. 9625.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8, clause 18 allows Congress to make all 
     laws ``which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into 
     execution'' any ``other'' powers vested by the Constitution 
     in the Government of the United States
       * Note According to the Supreme Court, the Necessary and 
     Proper Clause gives Congress the ``power to make laws for 
     carrying into execution all the Judgments which the Judicial 
     department has power to pronounce'' (Wayman v. Southard, 10 
     Wheat 1, 22 (1825)), and, thereby, Congress has ``undoubted 
     power to regulate the practice and procedure of federal 
     courts'' See Sibbach v. Wilson & Co., 312 U.S. 1, 9 (1941).
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To authorize additional district judges for the district 
     courts and convert temporary judgeships.








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. HORSFORD:
       H.R. 9624.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Constitutional Authority--Article 1 of the U.S. 
     Constitution
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Single Subject Statements--The TIPS Act has two major 
     provisions: eliminating federal income taxes on tips and 
     eliminating the country's sub-minimum wage for tipped 
     employees.








[Page H5319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. HARDER of California:
       H.R. 9623.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       U.S Constitution, Article 1, Sec. 8
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       This bill amends the Office of National Drug Control Policy 
     Reauthorization Act of 1998 to reauthorize the High Intensity 
     Drug Trafficking Areas Program and modify the Program with 
     respect to promising practices, and for other purposes.








[Pages H5319-H5321]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                          ADDITIONAL SPONSORS

  Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and 
resolutions, as follows:


[[Page H5320]]


  

       H.R. 617: Ms. Malliotakis.
       H.R. 709: Mr. LaLota and Mr. Armstrong.
       H.R. 736: Mrs. Houchin.
       H.R. 841: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 847: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 923: Mr. Lopez.
       H.R. 982: Ms. Kaptur.
       H.R. 1088: Mr. Cline.
       H.R. 1277: Mr. Larson of Connecticut, Mr. Tonko, Mr. 
     Ruppersberger, and Mrs. Miller of West Virginia.
       H.R. 1492: Mr. Lopez.
       H.R. 1526: Mrs. Cammack and Mr. Bilirakis.
       H.R. 1572: Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Balderson.
       H.R. 1584: Mr. Carson.
       H.R. 1610: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 1649: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 1705: Mrs. Watson Coleman, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, and 
     Mrs. Cherfilus-McCormick.
       H.R. 1764: Ms. Blunt Rochester.
       H.R. 1822: Ms. Garcia of Texas.
       H.R. 2407: Mr. Torres of New York and Mr. Walberg.
       H.R. 2474: Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Ciscomani, and Mr. 
     D'Esposito.
       H.R. 2480: Ms. Bonamici.
       H.R. 2584: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 2672: Mrs. Gonzalez-Colon.
       H.R. 2700: Mr. Cline and Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania.
       H.R. 2742: Mr. Scott Franklin of Florida and Mr. Perry.
       H.R. 2743: Mr. Calvert.
       H.R. 2892: Mrs. Gonzalez-Colon.
       H.R. 2897: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 3183: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 3380: Mr. Carter of Louisiana.
       H.R. 3381: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 3428: Mr. Phillips.
       H.R. 3498: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 3600: Ms. Garcia of Texas.
       H.R. 3611: Ms. Van Duyne.
       H.R. 3619: Mrs. Dingell.
       H.R. 3620: Mrs. Dingell.
       H.R. 3621: Mrs. Dingell.
       H.R. 3622: Mrs. Dingell.
       H.R. 3646: Mr. Larsen of Washington.
       H.R. 3649: Mr. Wittman.
       H.R. 3808: Mr. Landsman.
       H.R. 3850: Mr. Ryan and Mr. Carter of Louisiana.
       H.R. 3859: Ms. Norton.
       H.R. 3882: Mr. Wilson of South Carolina and Ms. Stefanik.
       H.R. 3955: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 3962: Mr. Menendez and Mr. Morelle.
       H.R. 3970: Ms. Sewell.
       H.R. 4157: Mr. Molinaro and Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 4184: Mr. Menendez.
       H.R. 4189: Mr. Bera.
       H.R. 4221: Mr. Pappas.
       H.R. 4297: Mr. Lopez.
       H.R. 4303: Mrs. Ramirez.
       H.R. 4326: Ms. Budzinski and Ms. Underwood.
       H.R. 4333: Mr. Webster of Florida.
       H.R. 4335: Mr. Grothman.
       H.R. 4340: Ms. Adams.
       H.R. 4392: Mrs. Dingell and Ms. DelBene.
       H.R. 4426: Mr. Casar.
       H.R. 4721: Mr. Rulli.
       H.R. 4731: Mr. Lieu.
       H.R. 4889: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 4897: Mrs. Cherfilus-McCormick and Ms. Castor of 
     Florida.
       H.R. 4986: Mr. Khanna.
       H.R. 5025: Mrs. Ramirez.
       H.R. 5029: Mr. Kennedy and Ms. Salinas.
       H.R. 5030: Mr. Newhouse and Mr. Panetta.
       H.R. 5041: Mr. Takano.
       H.R. 5044: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 5074: Mr. Carter of Louisiana.
       H.R. 5103: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 5141: Ms. Kuster, Mr. Quigley, Mrs. Watson Coleman, 
     and Ms. Moore of
       Wisconsin.
       H.R. 5169: Mr. Lopez and Mr. Costa.
       H.R. 5266: Mr. Schiff.
       H.R. 5480: Ms. Bonamici.
       H.R. 5560: Ms. DelBene.
       H.R. 5568: Mrs. Trahan and Mr. Moulton.
       H.R. 5696: Mr. Sorensen.
       H.R. 5808: Ms. Eshoo.
       H.R. 5840: Mr. Rulli.
       H.R. 5847: Mr. Phillips.
       H.R. 6031: Mr. Ryan.
       H.R. 6063: Mr. Lynch.
       H.R. 6083: Mrs. Gonzalez-Colon.
       H.R. 6199: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 6271: Mrs. Cammack.
       H.R. 6348: Ms. Scanlon and Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 6394: Mr. Meuser.
       H.R. 6435: Mrs. Gonzalez-Colon.
       H.R. 6441: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 6581: Mrs. Dingell.
       H.R. 6592: Mr. Carbajal.
       H.R. 6600: Mrs. Dingell.
       H.R. 6720: Ms. Pettersen.
       H.R. 6773: Mr. Ruiz and Ms. Barragan.
       H.R. 6805: Ms. Scholten.
       H.R. 6871: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 6872: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 6997: Mrs. Gonzalez-Colon.
       H.R. 7039: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 7108: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 7138: Ms. Lois Frankel of Florida.
       H.R. 7198: Mr. Bean of Florida.
       H.R. 7227: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 7233: Mrs. Houchin.
       H.R. 7234: Mr. Johnson of South Dakota.
       H.R. 7258: Mr. Phillips and Mr. Cuellar.
       H.R. 7288: Ms. Jayapal.
       H.R. 7292: Ms. Van Duyne.
       H.R. 7297: Mrs. Torres of California.
       H.R. 7308: Mr. Khanna.
       H.R. 7365: Mr. Mooney.
       H.R. 7380: Mrs. Wagner.
       H.R. 7384: Mrs. Cherfilus-McCormick, Mr. Kilmer, and Mr. 
     Rutherford.
       H.R. 7438: Ms. Lofgren and Ms. Dean of Pennsylvania.
       H.R. 7450: Mr. Valadao and Mr. Calvert.
       H.R. 7489: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 7542: Ms. Tlaib.
       H.R. 7596: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 7597: Mr. Sherman.
       H.R. 7618: Ms. Davids of Kansas.
       H.R. 7629: Mr. Larsen of Washington and Mr. Pocan.
       H.R. 7634: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 7635: Mr. Torres of New York.
       H.R. 7656: Mr. Lopez.
       H.R. 7747: Mr. Sherman.
       H.R. 7769: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 7770: Ms. Pelosi, Mr. Gimenez, Ms. Matsui, and Mr. 
     Carter of Louisiana.
       H.R. 7779: Mr. Crawford, Mr. Graves of Louisiana, and Mr. 
     Fong.
       H.R. 7821: Mr. Bera.
       H.R. 7829: Mr. Rogers of Alabama, Mr. Ruppersberger, and 
     Mr. Khanna.
       H.R. 7849: Ms. Tokuda.
       H.R. 7866: Mr. Williams of New York.
       H.R. 7890: Mr. Guest.
       H.R. 7891: Mr. Womack, Ms. Craig, Mr. Ciscomani, Mr. Mfume, 
     Ms. Van Duyne, Mr. Lopez, Mr. Guest, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Yakym, 
     and Mr. Deluzio.
       H.R. 7921: Mr. Landsman, Mr. Johnson of South Dakota, and 
     Mr. Magaziner.
       H.R. 8011: Ms. Van Duyne.
       H.R. 8028: Ms. Jayapal.
       H.R. 8040: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 8061: Mr. McGovern, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Graves of 
     Missouri, Mr. Williams of New York, Ms. McClellan, and Ms. 
     Tokuda.
       H.R. 8119: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 8137: Ms. Norton.
       H.R. 8193: Ms. DelBene.
       H.R. 8205: Mr. Calvert.
       H.R. 8231: Ms. Stefanik, Mr. Carter of Louisiana, Mr. 
     Moulton, and Mrs. Houchin.
       H.R. 8301: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 8358: Mr. Deluzio.
       H.R. 8413: Ms. Boebert.
       H.R. 8420: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 8504: Mr. Panetta.
       H.R. 8505: Mr. Westerman, Mr. Burchett, Mr. Edwards, and 
     Mr. Kelly of Mississippi.
       H.R. 8545: Mr. Kean of New Jersey.
       H.R. 8653: Mr. Crane, Mr. Jackson of Texas, Mr. Veasey, and 
     Mrs. Rodgers of Washington.
       H.R. 8698: Mr. Cleaver and Mr. Veasey.
       H.R. 8714: Mr. Ruiz.
       H.R. 8715: Mr. Moulton, Mrs. Trahan, Mr. Morelle, Mrs. 
     Watson Coleman, Ms. Adams, and Mr. Veasey.
       H.R. 8728: Mr. Moylan and Mr. Carter of Louisiana.
       H.R. 8734: Mrs. Hinson and Mr. Scott Franklin of Florida.
       H.R. 8758: Mr. Castro of Texas.
       H.R. 8784: Mr. Calvert.
       H.R. 8796: Ms. Waters.
       H.R. 8821: Mr. Bergman.
       H.R. 8827: Mr. D'Esposito.
       H.R. 8855: Mr. Cline and Mr. Crane.
       H.R. 8932: Mr. Walberg.
       H.R. 8945: Mr. Vasquez.
       H.R. 8957: Mr. Fitzpatrick, Ms. Tokuda, Mr. Mast, Mr. 
     Owens, Mr. Golden of Maine, Mr. Bentz, and Mr. Crow.
       H.R. 8963: Mr. Meuser.
       H.R. 8995: Mr. Carter of Louisiana.
       H.R. 9001: Ms. Tokuda.
       H.R. 9015: Mr. Donalds.
       H.R. 9082: Mrs. Cherfilus-McCormick, Ms. Lee of California, 
     Mr. Carter of Louisiana, Ms. Titus, Mr. Vargas, Mr. Lawler, 
     Mr. Moskowitz, and Mr. Huizenga.
       H.R. 9096: Mr. Bishop of Georgia and Mr. Westerman.
       H.R. 9101: Mrs. Dingell and Mr. Panetta.
       H.R. 9121: Mr. Johnson of South Dakota.
       H.R. 9125: Mr. Pfluger.
       H.R. 9137: Ms. Waters and Mr. Magaziner.
       H.R. 9144: Mr. Lawler and Mr. Davis of North Carolina.
       H.R. 9164: Mr. Morelle.
       H.R. 9211: Ms. Caraveo, Ms. Eshoo, and Ms. Tenney.
       H.R. 9218: Mr. Green of Tennessee.
       H.R. 9226: Ms. Bonamici.
       H.R. 9266: Mr. Torres of New York and Mr. Garcia of 
     Illinois.
       H.R. 9275: Mr. D'Esposito and Ms. Norton.
       H.R. 9277: Mr. Guthrie.
       H.R. 9324: Mr. Thompson of California.
       H.R. 9363: Ms. Tokuda.
       H.R. 9369: Ms. Wasserman Schultz.
       H.R. 9383: Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania and Ms. Schakowsky.
       H.R. 9449: Mr. Williams of New York.
       H.R. 9462: Mr. Pence, Mr. Williams of New York, and Mr. 
     Lawler.
       H.R. 9488: Mr. Calvert.
       H.R. 9496: Mr. LaLota.
       H.R. 9503: Mr. Brecheen.
       H.R. 9518: Mrs. Luna and Mr. Van Drew.
       H.R. 9523: Mr. Cline.
       H.R. 9525: Mr. Rutherford.
       H.R. 9535: Mr. Bergman, Mr. Correa, Ms. Barragan, Ms. 
     Sanchez, Ms. Brownley, and Mr. Costa.
       H.R. 9539: Mr. Suozzi.
       H.R. 9549: Ms. Salinas and Mr. Bentz.
       H.R. 9553: Ms. Lofgren and Ms. Sanchez.
       H.R. 9555: Mr. Scott Franklin of Florida and Mrs. Hinson.
       H.R. 9574: Mr. Mann.
       H.R. 9581: Ms. Norton.
       H.R. 9586: Mr. Biggs and Mr. Norman.
       H.R. 9589: Ms. Lee of California.
       H.J. Res. 8: Mr. Fong and Mr. Zinke.
       H.J. Res. 13: Ms. Stevens.
       H.J. Res. 117: Mr. Bishop of North Carolina.
       H.J. Res. 133: Mr. Fong.
       H.J. Res. 136: Mr. Fong and Mr. Lopez.
       H.J. Res. 152: Mrs. Harshbarger.
       H.J. Res. 163: Mr. Hunt.

[[Page H5321]]

  

       H.J. Res. 166: Mr. Latta.
       H.J. Res. 181: Mrs. Houchin.
       H.J. Res. 193: Mr. Thanedar and Ms. Titus.
       H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. Kennedy.
       H. Con. Res. 118: Mrs. Trahan.
       H. Con. Res. 122: Mr. Crenshaw and Mr. Rose.
       H. Res. 277: Mrs. Dingell and Mr. Mrvan.
       H. Res. 439: Mr. Norcross, Mr. Panetta, Ms. Jacobs, Ms. 
     Davids of Kansas, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. DeSaulnier, Ms. 
     DeLauro, and Ms. McCollum.
       H. Res. 821: Mr. Cline.
       H. Res. 1012: Mr. Calvert.
       H. Res. 1272: Mr. Burchett, Ms. Salazar, Mr. Reschenthaler, 
     Mr. Williams of New York, Mr. Gooden of Texas, Mr. Molinaro, 
     Mr. Wittman, Mr. Kean of New Jersey, Mrs. Chavez-DeRemer, and 
     Mr. Guest.
       H. Res. 1286: Mr. DeSaulnier.
       H. Res. 1382: Mr. D'Esposito.
       H. Res. 1421: Mrs. Kim of California.
       H. Res. 1425: Mr. Brecheen.
       H. Res. 1435: Mrs. Kim of California.
       H. Res. 1437: Mr. Diaz-Balart.
       H. Res. 1447: Mrs. Kim of California, Ms. Letlow, Mr. Bost, 
     and Mr. Flood.
       H. Res. 1448: Ms. Waters, Ms. Wilson of Florida, Mr. 
     Connolly, Ms. DeLauro, and Ms. Kamlager-Dove.
       H. Res. 1449: Mr. Wilson of South Carolina, Mr. Moskowitz, 
     Mr. Lawler, and Mr. Sherman.
       H. Res. 1451: Mr. Davis of North Carolina.

                          ____________________








[Pages H5319-H5321]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. GUTHRIE:
       H.J. Res. 204.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of 
     title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the 
     Environmental Protection Agency relating to ``Review of Final 
     Rule Reclassification of Major Sources as Area Sources Under 
     Section 112 of the Clean Air Act''.

                          ADDITIONAL SPONSORS

  Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and 
resolutions, as follows:


[[Page H5320]]


  

       H.R. 617: Ms. Malliotakis.
       H.R. 709: Mr. LaLota and Mr. Armstrong.
       H.R. 736: Mrs. Houchin.
       H.R. 841: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 847: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 923: Mr. Lopez.
       H.R. 982: Ms. Kaptur.
       H.R. 1088: Mr. Cline.
       H.R. 1277: Mr. Larson of Connecticut, Mr. Tonko, Mr. 
     Ruppersberger, and Mrs. Miller of West Virginia.
       H.R. 1492: Mr. Lopez.
       H.R. 1526: Mrs. Cammack and Mr. Bilirakis.
       H.R. 1572: Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Balderson.
       H.R. 1584: Mr. Carson.
       H.R. 1610: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 1649: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 1705: Mrs. Watson Coleman, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, and 
     Mrs. Cherfilus-McCormick.
       H.R. 1764: Ms. Blunt Rochester.
       H.R. 1822: Ms. Garcia of Texas.
       H.R. 2407: Mr. Torres of New York and Mr. Walberg.
       H.R. 2474: Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Ciscomani, and Mr. 
     D'Esposito.
       H.R. 2480: Ms. Bonamici.
       H.R. 2584: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 2672: Mrs. Gonzalez-Colon.
       H.R. 2700: Mr. Cline and Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania.
       H.R. 2742: Mr. Scott Franklin of Florida and Mr. Perry.
       H.R. 2743: Mr. Calvert.
       H.R. 2892: Mrs. Gonzalez-Colon.
       H.R. 2897: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 3183: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 3380: Mr. Carter of Louisiana.
       H.R. 3381: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 3428: Mr. Phillips.
       H.R. 3498: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 3600: Ms. Garcia of Texas.
       H.R. 3611: Ms. Van Duyne.
       H.R. 3619: Mrs. Dingell.
       H.R. 3620: Mrs. Dingell.
       H.R. 3621: Mrs. Dingell.
       H.R. 3622: Mrs. Dingell.
       H.R. 3646: Mr. Larsen of Washington.
       H.R. 3649: Mr. Wittman.
       H.R. 3808: Mr. Landsman.
       H.R. 3850: Mr. Ryan and Mr. Carter of Louisiana.
       H.R. 3859: Ms. Norton.
       H.R. 3882: Mr. Wilson of South Carolina and Ms. Stefanik.
       H.R. 3955: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 3962: Mr. Menendez and Mr. Morelle.
       H.R. 3970: Ms. Sewell.
       H.R. 4157: Mr. Molinaro and Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 4184: Mr. Menendez.
       H.R. 4189: Mr. Bera.
       H.R. 4221: Mr. Pappas.
       H.R. 4297: Mr. Lopez.
       H.R. 4303: Mrs. Ramirez.
       H.R. 4326: Ms. Budzinski and Ms. Underwood.
       H.R. 4333: Mr. Webster of Florida.
       H.R. 4335: Mr. Grothman.
       H.R. 4340: Ms. Adams.
       H.R. 4392: Mrs. Dingell and Ms. DelBene.
       H.R. 4426: Mr. Casar.
       H.R. 4721: Mr. Rulli.
       H.R. 4731: Mr. Lieu.
       H.R. 4889: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 4897: Mrs. Cherfilus-McCormick and Ms. Castor of 
     Florida.
       H.R. 4986: Mr. Khanna.
       H.R. 5025: Mrs. Ramirez.
       H.R. 5029: Mr. Kennedy and Ms. Salinas.
       H.R. 5030: Mr. Newhouse and Mr. Panetta.
       H.R. 5041: Mr. Takano.
       H.R. 5044: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 5074: Mr. Carter of Louisiana.
       H.R. 5103: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 5141: Ms. Kuster, Mr. Quigley, Mrs. Watson Coleman, 
     and Ms. Moore of
       Wisconsin.
       H.R. 5169: Mr. Lopez and Mr. Costa.
       H.R. 5266: Mr. Schiff.
       H.R. 5480: Ms. Bonamici.
       H.R. 5560: Ms. DelBene.
       H.R. 5568: Mrs. Trahan and Mr. Moulton.
       H.R. 5696: Mr. Sorensen.
       H.R. 5808: Ms. Eshoo.
       H.R. 5840: Mr. Rulli.
       H.R. 5847: Mr. Phillips.
       H.R. 6031: Mr. Ryan.
       H.R. 6063: Mr. Lynch.
       H.R. 6083: Mrs. Gonzalez-Colon.
       H.R. 6199: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 6271: Mrs. Cammack.
       H.R. 6348: Ms. Scanlon and Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 6394: Mr. Meuser.
       H.R. 6435: Mrs. Gonzalez-Colon.
       H.R. 6441: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 6581: Mrs. Dingell.
       H.R. 6592: Mr. Carbajal.
       H.R. 6600: Mrs. Dingell.
       H.R. 6720: Ms. Pettersen.
       H.R. 6773: Mr. Ruiz and Ms. Barragan.
       H.R. 6805: Ms. Scholten.
       H.R. 6871: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 6872: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 6997: Mrs. Gonzalez-Colon.
       H.R. 7039: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 7108: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 7138: Ms. Lois Frankel of Florida.
       H.R. 7198: Mr. Bean of Florida.
       H.R. 7227: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 7233: Mrs. Houchin.
       H.R. 7234: Mr. Johnson of South Dakota.
       H.R. 7258: Mr. Phillips and Mr. Cuellar.
       H.R. 7288: Ms. Jayapal.
       H.R. 7292: Ms. Van Duyne.
       H.R. 7297: Mrs. Torres of California.
       H.R. 7308: Mr. Khanna.
       H.R. 7365: Mr. Mooney.
       H.R. 7380: Mrs. Wagner.
       H.R. 7384: Mrs. Cherfilus-McCormick, Mr. Kilmer, and Mr. 
     Rutherford.
       H.R. 7438: Ms. Lofgren and Ms. Dean of Pennsylvania.
       H.R. 7450: Mr. Valadao and Mr. Calvert.
       H.R. 7489: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 7542: Ms. Tlaib.
       H.R. 7596: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 7597: Mr. Sherman.
       H.R. 7618: Ms. Davids of Kansas.
       H.R. 7629: Mr. Larsen of Washington and Mr. Pocan.
       H.R. 7634: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 7635: Mr. Torres of New York.
       H.R. 7656: Mr. Lopez.
       H.R. 7747: Mr. Sherman.
       H.R. 7769: Mr. Molinaro.
       H.R. 7770: Ms. Pelosi, Mr. Gimenez, Ms. Matsui, and Mr. 
     Carter of Louisiana.
       H.R. 7779: Mr. Crawford, Mr. Graves of Louisiana, and Mr. 
     Fong.
       H.R. 7821: Mr. Bera.
       H.R. 7829: Mr. Rogers of Alabama, Mr. Ruppersberger, and 
     Mr. Khanna.
       H.R. 7849: Ms. Tokuda.
       H.R. 7866: Mr. Williams of New York.
       H.R. 7890: Mr. Guest.
       H.R. 7891: Mr. Womack, Ms. Craig, Mr. Ciscomani, Mr. Mfume, 
     Ms. Van Duyne, Mr. Lopez, Mr. Guest, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Yakym, 
     and Mr. Deluzio.
       H.R. 7921: Mr. Landsman, Mr. Johnson of South Dakota, and 
     Mr. Magaziner.
       H.R. 8011: Ms. Van Duyne.
       H.R. 8028: Ms. Jayapal.
       H.R. 8040: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 8061: Mr. McGovern, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Graves of 
     Missouri, Mr. Williams of New York, Ms. McClellan, and Ms. 
     Tokuda.
       H.R. 8119: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 8137: Ms. Norton.
       H.R. 8193: Ms. DelBene.
       H.R. 8205: Mr. Calvert.
       H.R. 8231: Ms. Stefanik, Mr. Carter of Louisiana, Mr. 
     Moulton, and Mrs. Houchin.
       H.R. 8301: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 8358: Mr. Deluzio.
       H.R. 8413: Ms. Boebert.
       H.R. 8420: Mr. Kennedy.
       H.R. 8504: Mr. Panetta.
       H.R. 8505: Mr. Westerman, Mr. Burchett, Mr. Edwards, and 
     Mr. Kelly of Mississippi.
       H.R. 8545: Mr. Kean of New Jersey.
       H.R. 8653: Mr. Crane, Mr. Jackson of Texas, Mr. Veasey, and 
     Mrs. Rodgers of Washington.
       H.R. 8698: Mr. Cleaver and Mr. Veasey.
       H.R. 8714: Mr. Ruiz.
       H.R. 8715: Mr. Moulton, Mrs. Trahan, Mr. Morelle, Mrs. 
     Watson Coleman, Ms. Adams, and Mr. Veasey.
       H.R. 8728: Mr. Moylan and Mr. Carter of Louisiana.
       H.R. 8734: Mrs. Hinson and Mr. Scott Franklin of Florida.
       H.R. 8758: Mr. Castro of Texas.
       H.R. 8784: Mr. Calvert.
       H.R. 8796: Ms. Waters.
       H.R. 8821: Mr. Bergman.
       H.R. 8827: Mr. D'Esposito.
       H.R. 8855: Mr. Cline and Mr. Crane.
       H.R. 8932: Mr. Walberg.
       H.R. 8945: Mr. Vasquez.
       H.R. 8957: Mr. Fitzpatrick, Ms. Tokuda, Mr. Mast, Mr. 
     Owens, Mr. Golden of Maine, Mr. Bentz, and Mr. Crow.
       H.R. 8963: Mr. Meuser.
       H.R. 8995: Mr. Carter of Louisiana.
       H.R. 9001: Ms. Tokuda.
       H.R. 9015: Mr. Donalds.
       H.R. 9082: Mrs. Cherfilus-McCormick, Ms. Lee of California, 
     Mr. Carter of Louisiana, Ms. Titus, Mr. Vargas, Mr. Lawler, 
     Mr. Moskowitz, and Mr. Huizenga.
       H.R. 9096: Mr. Bishop of Georgia and Mr. Westerman.
       H.R. 9101: Mrs. Dingell and Mr. Panetta.
       H.R. 9121: Mr. Johnson of South Dakota.
       H.R. 9125: Mr. Pfluger.
       H.R. 9137: Ms. Waters and Mr. Magaziner.
       H.R. 9144: Mr. Lawler and Mr. Davis of North Carolina.
       H.R. 9164: Mr. Morelle.
       H.R. 9211: Ms. Caraveo, Ms. Eshoo, and Ms. Tenney.
       H.R. 9218: Mr. Green of Tennessee.
       H.R. 9226: Ms. Bonamici.
       H.R. 9266: Mr. Torres of New York and Mr. Garcia of 
     Illinois.
       H.R. 9275: Mr. D'Esposito and Ms. Norton.
       H.R. 9277: Mr. Guthrie.
       H.R. 9324: Mr. Thompson of California.
       H.R. 9363: Ms. Tokuda.
       H.R. 9369: Ms. Wasserman Schultz.
       H.R. 9383: Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania and Ms. Schakowsky.
       H.R. 9449: Mr. Williams of New York.
       H.R. 9462: Mr. Pence, Mr. Williams of New York, and Mr. 
     Lawler.
       H.R. 9488: Mr. Calvert.
       H.R. 9496: Mr. LaLota.
       H.R. 9503: Mr. Brecheen.
       H.R. 9518: Mrs. Luna and Mr. Van Drew.
       H.R. 9523: Mr. Cline.
       H.R. 9525: Mr. Rutherford.
       H.R. 9535: Mr. Bergman, Mr. Correa, Ms. Barragan, Ms. 
     Sanchez, Ms. Brownley, and Mr. Costa.
       H.R. 9539: Mr. Suozzi.
       H.R. 9549: Ms. Salinas and Mr. Bentz.
       H.R. 9553: Ms. Lofgren and Ms. Sanchez.
       H.R. 9555: Mr. Scott Franklin of Florida and Mrs. Hinson.
       H.R. 9574: Mr. Mann.
       H.R. 9581: Ms. Norton.
       H.R. 9586: Mr. Biggs and Mr. Norman.
       H.R. 9589: Ms. Lee of California.
       H.J. Res. 8: Mr. Fong and Mr. Zinke.
       H.J. Res. 13: Ms. Stevens.
       H.J. Res. 117: Mr. Bishop of North Carolina.
       H.J. Res. 133: Mr. Fong.
       H.J. Res. 136: Mr. Fong and Mr. Lopez.
       H.J. Res. 152: Mrs. Harshbarger.
       H.J. Res. 163: Mr. Hunt.

[[Page H5321]]

  

       H.J. Res. 166: Mr. Latta.
       H.J. Res. 181: Mrs. Houchin.
       H.J. Res. 193: Mr. Thanedar and Ms. Titus.
       H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. Kennedy.
       H. Con. Res. 118: Mrs. Trahan.
       H. Con. Res. 122: Mr. Crenshaw and Mr. Rose.
       H. Res. 277: Mrs. Dingell and Mr. Mrvan.
       H. Res. 439: Mr. Norcross, Mr. Panetta, Ms. Jacobs, Ms. 
     Davids of Kansas, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. DeSaulnier, Ms. 
     DeLauro, and Ms. McCollum.
       H. Res. 821: Mr. Cline.
       H. Res. 1012: Mr. Calvert.
       H. Res. 1272: Mr. Burchett, Ms. Salazar, Mr. Reschenthaler, 
     Mr. Williams of New York, Mr. Gooden of Texas, Mr. Molinaro, 
     Mr. Wittman, Mr. Kean of New Jersey, Mrs. Chavez-DeRemer, and 
     Mr. Guest.
       H. Res. 1286: Mr. DeSaulnier.
       H. Res. 1382: Mr. D'Esposito.
       H. Res. 1421: Mrs. Kim of California.
       H. Res. 1425: Mr. Brecheen.
       H. Res. 1435: Mrs. Kim of California.
       H. Res. 1437: Mr. Diaz-Balart.
       H. Res. 1447: Mrs. Kim of California, Ms. Letlow, Mr. Bost, 
     and Mr. Flood.
       H. Res. 1448: Ms. Waters, Ms. Wilson of Florida, Mr. 
     Connolly, Ms. DeLauro, and Ms. Kamlager-Dove.
       H. Res. 1449: Mr. Wilson of South Carolina, Mr. Moskowitz, 
     Mr. Lawler, and Mr. Sherman.
       H. Res. 1451: Mr. Davis of North Carolina.

                          ____________________








[Page H5321]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                            PETITIONS, ETC.

  Under clause 3 of rule XII,

       PT-53. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. 
     Watson, relative to requesting enactment of Federal 
     legislation that would prohibit persons who are in the United 
     States, in violation of laws of the United States, from 
     contributing funds into ---- or from drawing disbursements of 
     funds out of ---- the Social Security program; which was 
     referred to the Committee on Ways and Means.








[Page H5321]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          DELETION OF SPONSORS

  Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills 
and resolutions, as follows:

       H.R. 9255: Mr. D'Esposito.

                          ____________________








[Page H5321]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




    CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF 
                                BENEFITS

  Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional 
earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were 
submitted as follows:

                         Offered by Mr. Jordan

       The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee 
     on the Judiciary in H.R. 5717, the No Bailout for Sanctuary 
     Cities Act, do not contain any congressional earmarks, 
     limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined 
     in clause 9 of rule XXI.

                        Offered by Mrs. Rodgers

       The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee 
     on Energy and Commerce in H.J. Res. 136, Providing for 
     congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United 
     States Code, of the rule submitted by the Environmental 
     Protection Agency relating to ``Multi-Pollutant Emissions 
     Standards for Model Years 2027 and Later Light-Duty and 
     Medium-Duty Vechicles'', do not contain any congressional 
     earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as 
     defined in clause 9 of rule XXI.

                          ____________________








[Page S6071]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                   Recognition of the Majority Leader

  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The majority leader is recognized.








[Page S6071]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                           EXECUTIVE CALENDAR

  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the previous order, the 
Senate will proceed to executive session to resume consideration of the 
following nomination, which the clerk will report.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Mary 
Kathleen Costello, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge 
for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.








[Page S6071]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS

  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Morning business is closed.

                          ____________________








[Page S6071]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME

  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved.

                          ____________________








[Page S6071]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to 
the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mrs. Murray).
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter:

                                                      U.S. Senate,


                                        President pro tempore,

                               Washington, DC, September 17, 2024.
     To the Senate:
       Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the 
     Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable 
     Raphael G. Warnock, a Senator from the State of Georgia, to 
     perform the duties of the Chair.
                                                     Patty Murray,
                                            President pro tempore.

  Mr. WARNOCK thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro 
tempore.

                          ____________________








[Page S6071]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE

  The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows:

       I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of 
     America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation 
     under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.

                          ____________________








[Page S6071]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                                 PRAYER

  The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer:
  Let us pray.
  Eternal God, the center of our hope, You have given us this day for 
our use. From the rising of the Sun until the setting of the same, Your 
Name deserves our praise. Today, bless our lawmakers with Your guidance 
and peace. Give them hope and purpose as they work on Capitol Hill, 
reminding them that their steps are ordered by You and that You will 
supply their needs. Show them that right defeated is better than 
triumphant evil. Lord, encourage them to wisely use their time to 
contribute to peace and harmony in our Nation and world.
  We pray in Your sovereign Name. Amen.

                          ____________________








[Page S6071]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

[[Page S6071]]

Senate

  The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable 
Raphael G. Warnock, a Senator from the State of Georgia.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6071-S6072]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                            Right to IVF Act

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, there is perhaps no more personal a 
decision one can make than the decision of whether or not to start a 
family. For many people, starting a family is the greatest joy there 
is. It makes everything else secondary.
  Yet for millions and millions of people, infertility can be a 
nightmare and a source of pain. Thankfully, we live in a time when, 
thanks to treatments like IVF, infertility is not the end of the story.
  Sadly, accesses to IVF can no longer be taken for granted. From the 
moment the MAGA Supreme Court eliminated Roe, the hard right made clear 
that they would keep going. As we saw earlier this year in Alabama, IVF 
has become the next target of ultraconservatives, and access to this 
incredible treatment is more vulnerable than ever.
  Today, the Senate will hold a simple and pivotal vote on whether or 
not to take up, once again, the Right to IVF Act. I thank Senator 
Duckworth, as well as Senators Murray and Booker and all the others, 
who have championed this bill for months. They are great leaders on 
this issue.
  If the Senate votes no today and strikes IVF protections down yet 
again, it will be further proof that Project 2025 is alive and well.
  Remember: Donald Trump's Project 2025 is tied to the Heritage 
Foundation, one of the most important and extreme conservative think 
tanks in the country. And, earlier this year, they came out fiercely 
against today's bill protecting IVF. They were even against the fig-
leaf fake IVF bill pushed by Senators Cruz and Britt. That is how 
extreme they are.
  If people want to see how strong Project 2025's grip is on the GOP, 
the outcome of today's IVF vote will be very, very revealing.
  And yet, by all accounts, there is every reason in the world for 
Senators to vote yes today. Today's vote is simply a motion to 
reconsider. We are merely asking whether or not this bill is worth 
debating. Democrats certainly think it is. We certainly think that if 
any issue is worth discussing in this Chamber, it is protecting 
Americans' reproductive freedoms. And we Democrats extend an open 
invitation to our Republican colleagues to join us.
  Republicans regularly claim that they are the party that stands up 
for

[[Page S6072]]

families. Well, today's bill is about as pro-family as it gets. It 
helps create families--IVF does. It says that access to IVF should be a 
basic right for all. And it will make sure insurance companies cover 
IVF treatments in their plans.
  The last point is key. Expanding insurance coverage for IVF is 
something the vast majority of Americans support. A survey from Pew 
Research from last month showed that even a majority of Republicans 
surveyed support it--even a majority of Republicans.
  Nevertheless, 3 months ago, nearly every Senate Republican voted 
against protecting IVF in this Chamber. It was astounding to watch 
them. With a straight face, our Republican colleagues claimed that, of 
course, they cared about supporting families; of course, they supported 
IVF--just not enough to actually vote to protect it.
  That makes no sense--no sense. Republicans can't just talk their way 
past an issue as personal as IVF. What ultimately matters is how they 
vote on the issue.
  So to my Republican colleagues today, you get a second chance: Either 
stand with families struggling with infertility or stand with Project 
2025, which aims to make reproductive freedoms extinct.
  If the Republicans truly care about helping families, they should 
vote yes to protect IVF. If the Republicans truly reject the insanity 
and cruelty--cruelty--of Project 2025 and its extreme conservative 
agenda, they should vote yes to protect IVF.
  On the other hand, if Senate Republicans vote no today and strike IVF 
protections down again, it is further proof that Project 2025 is alive 
and well.
  So, again, we hope Republicans join us to do the right thing. We ask 
Republicans to join us because women's reproductive freedoms are in a 
time of crisis, and we need to push back.
  It has been 2 years since the MAGA Supreme Court overturned Roe v. 
Wade. Today, 22 States have passed abortion restrictions--14 of them 
essentially full bans. Over one in three American women have lost 
access to reproductive care. Many of them have to drive hundreds of 
miles out of State to get the care they need, and that still often 
comes with long wait times. Doctors fear they will be jailed if they 
offer treatments. Women in need are at risk of being turned down at 
hospitals, and it can become a matter of life and death.
  This week, America tragically learned of the first confirmed case of 
a woman dying because abortion bans prevented her from getting the care 
she needed. She was a young woman from Georgia, a 28-year-old and the 
mother of a 6-year-old. She had to travel out of State to get 
reproductive care, and when she needed emergency surgery after a rare 
complication, doctors in Georgia delayed giving her the care she needed 
because of the new restrictions on the books. By the time she went into 
surgery, unfortunately, it was too late. She tragically passed away. 
The State declared that her death was preventable had she only gotten 
care sooner.
  Worst of all, there are, undoubtedly, more cases like hers. These are 
the terrible and deadly consequences of restricting reproductive 
freedom. The tragedy that happened in Georgia, of a preventable death 
because of abortion bans, is why Project 2025 is so dangerous: deadly 
restrictions to reproductive care; monitoring women's pregnancies; 
banning mifepristone; laying the groundwork for a national abortion 
ban; putting IVF at risk.
  To my Republican colleagues, the choice is yours. Americans are 
watching; families back home are watching; and couples who want to 
become parents are watching too. Republicans cannot say they are pro-
family but vote against protecting IVF. They cannot say they reject 
Project 2025 but vote against protecting IVF. That is what is at stake 
today. I urge everyone to vote yes.








[Page S6072]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                 Honoring Sheriff's Deputy Josh Phipps

  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, unfortunately, I need to begin this 
morning with some tragic news from Kentucky.
  Late last night, Sheriff's Deputy Josh Phipps, of Russell County, was 
killed in the line of duty. His sacrifice is a sober reminder of the 
debt we owe our courageous law enforcement officials. They are the 
first to run toward fire and the first to put themselves in harm's way 
to keep us safe.
  Today, I know the entire Commonwealth is holding Sheriff's Deputy 
Phipps in our thoughts and our prayers. So I would ask my colleagues to 
join me in sending our deepest sympathy to Russell County and the 
Phipps family as they mourn his loss.








[Page S6072]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                   Recognition of the Minority Leader

  The Republican leader is recognized.








[Page S6072]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                           Government Funding

  Now, Mr. President, on the CR, the clock is ticking for Congress to 
reach an agreement to keep the government open beyond the September 30 
deadline. That is 13 days away. At this point in the process, the only 
way we can prevent a harmful government shutdown is by both sides 
working together to reach a bipartisan agreement. That is the only way.
  Speaker Johnson is reportedly going to hold a vote on a 6-month CR 
tomorrow, but the only thing that will accomplish is to make clear that 
he is running into a dead end. We must have a bipartisan--a 
bipartisan--plan instead.
  Now, I will say this: For all of its faults, I am heartened about one 
thing that Speaker Johnson is doing. Speaker Johnson's plan preserves 
the essence of the Schumer-Johnson agreement that set top-line funding 
levels for the current fiscal year, 2024. It is encouraging to see that 
Speaker Johnson, at least for now, is resisting the hard-right choices 
in his party and not pushing across-the-board cuts that would be so 
harmful to the American people. I hope it is a sign that the Speaker 
realizes that these bipartisan funding levels must be part of any 
solution moving forward.
  But, beyond that, the Speaker's CR is too unworkable. I urge him to 
drop his plan and to work together to reach a bipartisan agreement with 
the other leaders: Leader McConnell, Leader Jeffries, and myself as 
well as the White House. We do not have time to spare.
  I yield the floor.
  I suggest the absence of a quorum.
  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.
  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded.
  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so 
ordered.








[Pages S6072-S6073]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                            Judicial Ethics

  Mr. President, on another matter, free speech has been an animating 
principle for my entire career here in the Senate. I am second to no 
one in my defense of the First Amendment. So I have found the recent 
habit of the Federal judiciary's bureaucracy to try and abridge its 
protections alarming, to say the least.
  The courts are where citizens go to have their free speech rights 
vindicated against censorious government officials. I know this from 
experience. I sued to stop the anti-speech campaign finance rules 
signed into law by President Bush, and I took it all the way to the 
Supreme Court.
  But where do people go when the courts decide to behave like any 
other branch of government? When they put other interests over the 
First Amendment? Even having to ask the question is troubling.
  Two of my colleagues and I recently wrote to the head of the Standing 
Committee on Federal Rules to express our opposition to the proposed 
amendment to the rules governing appellate courts. The amendment is the 
result of persistent bullying of the Senate Democrats, and it would 
force parties seeking to be heard as friends of the court to disclose 
their donors in certain instances.
  The forced disclosure of donors is a longstanding offense against the 
First Amendment. This has been abundantly clear since Justice Harlan 
eloquently explained it in NAACP v. Alabama. The courts only tolerate 
forced disclosure in cases of actual candidate electioneering to ensure 
election integrity. But court cases aren't elections, and friends of 
the court are not candidates. The fact that the Appellate Rules 
Committee doesn't understand this and wants to chill free speech by 
mandating donor disclosure is a shocking reversal of NAACP v. Alabama.

[[Page S6073]]

  That is why my colleagues and I encouraged the Standing Committee, 
the Judicial Conference, and the Supreme Court to scrap--scrap--this 
unconstitutional amendment.
  Unfortunately, there is even more. Another committee in the judiciary 
bureaucracy, the Codes of Conduct Committee, recently amended one of 
its advisory opinions to prevent law clerks from seeking political 
employment. This is the same committee that tried to ban Federal judges 
from joining the nonpartisan Federalist Society while allowing them to 
join the highly partisan and leftwing American Bar Association. The 
committee reversed itself on that boneheaded decision after an uproar, 
an uproar from the judges of all political stripes.
  In its new advisory opinion, the committee concluded that clerks 
could seek employment from law firms, impact litigators, elected 
officials, and the government, but they cannot even talk to political 
parties or candidates for office about a job. Doing so, they conclude, 
``risks linking the judge's chambers to political activity, which could 
compromise the independence of the judiciary.''
  Consider just how absurd this is. First, political activity is at the 
core of freedom of speech. To single it out for a special disability 
among clerks seeking employment turns the First Amendment on its head. 
Prohibiting a clerk from discussing employment options with the Harris 
campaign because it might make ``the judiciary'' look bad hurts the 
clerk's constitutional rights in order to preserve some theoretical, 
attenuated interest.
  Second, it is indeed a special disability and one that has no 
correspondence to the real world. Why is the ``link'' any more 
problematic when a clerk wants to talk to a Republican campaign, which 
is prohibited, but not when she wants to talk to an elected Republican, 
which is allowed? What about seeking employment as a political 
appointee in a highly partisan Garland Justice Department? Do the large 
law firms to which the Democratic Party outsources its campaign 
litigation not provide a ``link'' to the judiciary?
  Indeed, one prominent law firm, the Elias Law Group, explicitly 
claims that its goal is to elect Democrats. And yet a clerk can 
presumably seek employment there but not from the Democratic National 
Committee? These are distinctions without differences.
  But wait, there is more. Last week, the Judiciary Conference, in its 
zeal to take a hard line against misconduct in the workplace, referred 
a disgraced former judge to the House for impeachment. Yes, that is 
right. They referred a private citizen for impeachment.
  Without getting into the merits of the allegations against the former 
judge--other than to note that they caused him to resign in disgrace--
this was a remarkable action by the Federal bureaucracy. They were 
surely aware that whether or not you can impeach a former official is 
hotly disputed, but they referred it anyway.
  In other words, while trying to make a point about one political 
issue--workplace misconduct in the judiciary--they ended up making a 
point about another one--the impeachment of former officials. And for 
what? Forty sitting Senators have already said that you can't do this 
as a matter of constitutional law, thereby making the conviction all 
but impossible.
  The judiciary itself is under increasing attack from Democrats who 
want to destroy it as an independent branch of government, and the 
judicial bureaucracy seems desperate to appear apolitical. It has been 
taking affirmative steps to virtue signal on issues that matter to 
Democrats, from Federalist Society membership to single-judge divisions 
to amicus disclosure.
  It would be one thing if this were empty virtue signaling, but we are 
talking about behavior increasingly in tension with constitutional 
provisions, including First Amendment rights.
  So my advice to the Judicial Conference is this: The way to avoid 
getting involved in politics is to avoid getting involved in politics.








[Page S6073]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                      Trump Assassination Attempt

  Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, before I begin, I just want to say how 
grateful I am that President Trump is safe after what appears to be a 
second attempt on his life in the space of 2 months.
  The trend this election cycle has taken toward violence is disturbing 
to say the least, and I hope this weekend's events will prompt 
reflection on our political discourse and the importance of not letting 
our disagreements lead to the dehumanization of our opponents.
  I am grateful for all the law enforcement personnel who responded and 
helped prevent another tragedy, and I look forward to seeing a thorough 
investigation.








[Page S6073]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                          Tobacco-Free Use Act

  Now, on another matter, Mr. President, I would like to end on 
something the walls of this Chamber don't hear enough of--some good 
news. According to an annual survey conducted by the CDC and the FDA, 
the number of young people in America smoking e-cigarettes dropped to 
its lowest level in the last decade. Let me say that again. E-cigarette 
use among America's youth is now roughly one-third of the alltime high 
it hit just 5 years ago.
  There are a lot of factors at play in this downward trend, but one 
powerful tailwind originated right here in the Senate.
  In 2019, youth e-cigarette use was at its peak. That is the year that 
I wrote and introduced the Tobacco-Free Use Act with my good friend 
Senator Kaine from Virginia. Our bipartisan bill raised the minimum age 
to purchase tobacco products, including e-cigarette devices, from 18 to 
21.
  We didn't try to reinvent the wheel. We knew that nearly all 
smokers--roughly 95 percent of them--started by the age of 21. By 
raising the age limit, less tobacco winds up in high schools, which 
means less opportunity for children to get their hands on addictive 
vaping devices.
  This issue hits close to home. Kentucky has the highest cancer rate 
in the country. In years past, we have even topped the list for higher 
proportion of cigarette-related cancer deaths.
  Now as the senior Senator from Kentucky, my decision to spearhead 
this litigation surprised some people. My home State has a close 
connection to tobacco. But as I pointed out in the past, Kentucky 
farmers don't want their children forming nicotine addictions any more 
than any other parent.
  If we have learned anything in the fight against addiction is that 
families are right to be worried. At this critical stage of 
development, nicotine products can be the first step in a life maligned 
by serious health problems.
  So while more work remains, I am proud that the Senate stepped up to 
address this public health crisis, and I am grateful to see this 
legislation is actually making a difference.
  I suggest the absence of a quorum.
  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.
  Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for 
the quorum call be rescinded.
  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so 
ordered.








[Pages S6073-S6074]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                           National Security

  Mr. President, perhaps the most important thing we do here in 
Congress is to provide for our Nation's defense. I have said it before, 
and I will say it again: If we don't get national security right, the 
rest is just conversation. Everything else we do in government and our 
very existence as a nation depends on our getting security right.
  National security, Mr. President, is not a one-and-done kind of a 
situation. We can't rely on a one-time military buildup or the 
reputation we have earned as a superpower to keep our Nation safe. 
Tactics change, technology changes, weapons change, and reputations--
even strong ones--eventually change if they are not backed up with 
substance. Maintaining a robust national defense has to be a permanent 
focus, year in and year out. There is no time in which we can afford to 
put national security on the back burner or underfund our Nation's 
military--which brings me to where we are today.
  Mr. President, in July of this year, the Commission on the National 
Defense Strategy released its report. It had this to say:

       The Commission finds that the U.S. military lacks both the 
     capabilities and the capacity required to be confident it can 
     deter and prevail in combat.

  Let me just repeat that.

       The Commission finds that the U.S. military lacks both the 
     capabilities and the capacity required to be confident it can 
     deter and prevail in combat.


[[Page S6074]]


  Another quote from the Commission's report said this:

       The Commission finds that, in many ways, China is outpacing 
     the United States and has largely negated the U.S. military 
     advantage in the Western Pacific through two decades of 
     focused military investment. Without significant change by 
     the United States, the balance of power will continue to 
     shift in China's favor.

  Mr. President, from the Strategic Posture Commission report:

       Today the United States is on the cusp of having not one, 
     but two nuclear peer adversaries, each with ambitions to 
     change the international status quo, by force, if necessary: 
     a situation which the United States did not anticipate and 
     for which it is not prepared.

  Let me again say that: ``a situation which the United States did not 
anticipate and for which it is not prepared.''
  In short, we have work to do. We are not where we should be when it 
comes to our national defense. While our preparedness lags, the world 
isn't getting any safer. If anything, it is getting more dangerous.
  Over the course of the Biden-Harris administration, we have seen 
Russia invade the sovereign nation of Ukraine, China growing 
increasingly aggressive in the Pacific, a brutal terrorist attack on 
Israel that left more than 1,000 dead, terrorists threatening shipping 
in the Middle East--and the list literally goes on and on.
  This summer alone, Russian and Chinese bombers for the first time 
sortied together 200 miles off the coast of Alaska--an alarming display 
of the growing ties between those two nations. Taiwan reported 305 
airspace violations by Chinese aircraft in the month of June--the 
second highest monthly total on record. The Chinese continue to swarm 
and even collide with ships from the Philippines. Just 2 weeks ago, 
Japan for the first time reported an incursion of a Chinese aircraft 
into its airspace. In the Middle East, U.S. military members have 
continued to combat terrorists on land and Houthi attacks on U.S. ships 
and international shipping in the Red Sea.
  Hamas still holds upwards of 100 hostages in Gaza, including 7 
Americans. Iran has sent close-range ballistic missiles to Russia, 
presumably for use against the Ukrainian people. A Pakistani national 
with ties to Iran was charged with plotting the assassination of 
multiple U.S. politicians.
  I could go on.
  Given all of this, you would think Democrat leadership here in the 
Senate would have made our yearly Defense bills--the National Defense 
Authorization Act and our Defense appropriations bills which fund that 
act--a priority, but you would be wrong. We are 2 weeks away from the 
end of the fiscal year, and we haven't touched the National Defense 
Authorization Act since it was passed by the committee, much less 
touched the Defense appropriations bills.
  And it is not because we have been passing a bunch of other 
substantive pieces of legislation. Aside from the Kids Online Safety 
and Privacy Act, we have basically spent the entire summer confirming 
Biden nominees and taking show votes selected by the Democrat leader. 
As a result, the fiscal year will close and the new one begin without a 
Defense authorizing bill and without Defense appropriations bills. 
Instead, our military will have to continue operating under inadequate 
2024 funding levels. Existing modernization projects will be delayed, 
and urgent new programs will be put off.
  I haven't even talked about the message these delays send to our 
enemies. Anyone who thinks our enemies aren't emboldened by this 
careless attitude toward our national security needs to think again.
  For that matter, what message do these delays send to our allies? I 
recently returned from a trip to Japan and South Korea, led by my 
colleague Senator Hagerty, to build relationships and enhance 
trilateral cooperation. We stressed the imperative of investing in our 
mutual defense cooperation--a message that will be undercut by our 
putting defense legislation on the back burner. Likewise, our message 
to allies and partners around the world that they should take more 
seriously their own defense investments will be juxtaposed against our 
own inaction.
  Needless to say, it didn't have to be this way. If the Democrat 
leader had been more interested in meeting Congress's basic 
responsibilities than in conducting show votes he hopes may win 
Democrats a few votes in November, we could have already passed not 
only the National Defense Authorization Act but the Defense 
appropriations bill that funds that act as well. As it is, thanks to 
the decisions of the Democrat leader, our military will have to wait at 
least until after the election. Meanwhile, our adversaries' efforts 
continue.
  Mr. President, this isn't the first time in the Biden-Harris 
administration that Democrats have chosen to put our national defense 
on the back burner. While we don't know what the Senate or the 
Presidency will look like next year, I hope--I sincerely hope--that we 
will have leaders who take our national security a little more 
seriously because I suspect that if we don't, we will have cause--great 
cause--to regret it.
  I yield the floor.
  I suggest the absence of a quorum.
  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.
  Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
order for the quorum call be rescinded.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Padilla). Without objection, it is so 
ordered.








[Pages S6074-S6075]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                             Cloture Motion

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before 
the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state.
  The bill clerk read as follows:

                             Cloture Motion

       We, the undersigned Senators, in accordance with the 
     provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, 
     do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomination 
     of Executive Calendar No. 778, Mary Kathleen Costello, of 
     Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the 
     Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
         Charles E. Schumer, Richard J. Durbin, Sheldon 
           Whitehouse, Laphonza R. Butler, Benjamin L. Cardin, 
           Mazie K. Hirono, Chris Van Hollen, Ben Ray Lujan, Brian 
           Schatz, Thomas R. Carper, Margaret Wood Hassan, 
           Christopher Murphy, Tammy Duckworth, Tina Smith, Jack 
           Reed, Patty Murray, Amy Klobuchar.

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous consent, the mandatory quorum 
call has been waived.
  The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the 
nomination of Mary Kathleen Costello, of Pennsylvania, to be United 
States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, shall 
be brought to a close?
  The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The assistant bill clerk called the roll.
  Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. 
Manchin) is necessarily absent.
  Mr. THUNE. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator 
from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. 
Tillis), and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Vance).
  Further, if present and voting: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. 
Tillis) would have voted ``yea.''
  The yeas and nays resulted--yeas 54, nays 42, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 241 Ex.]

                                YEAS--54

     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Booker
     Brown
     Butler
     Cantwell
     Cardin
     Carper
     Casey
     Collins
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gillibrand
     Graham
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Helmy
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murkowski
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Romney
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schumer
     Shaheen
     Sinema
     Smith
     Stabenow
     Tester
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden

                                NAYS--42

     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Braun
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Kennedy
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     Moran
     Mullin
     Paul
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Rubio
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tuberville
     Wicker
     Young

[[Page S6075]]


  


                             NOT VOTING--4

     Manchin
     Rounds
     Tillis
     Vance
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hickenlooper). On this vote, the yeas are 
54, the nays are 42.
  The motion is agreed to.

                          ____________________








[Page S6075]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                                 RECESS

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in 
recess until 2:15.
  Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:38 p.m. recessed until 2:15 p.m. and 
reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. Lujan).

                          ____________________








[Pages S6075-S6084]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          LEGISLATIVE SESSION

                                 ______
                                 

                  RIGHT TO IVF ACT--MOTION TO PROCEED

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will 
resume legislative session and resume consideration of the motion to 
proceed to S. 4445, which the clerk will report.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 413, S. 4445, a bill to 
     protect and expand nationwide access to fertility treatment, 
     including in vitro fertilization.

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Alabama.


                       Unanimous Consent--S. 4368

  Mrs. BRITT. Mr. President, I am proud today to be joining my 
colleague from Texas in support of the IVF Protection Act. I am 
grateful to Senator Cruz for his leadership on this important topic.
  Both Senator Cruz and I are parents. We can both attest to the fact 
that there is no greater blessing in life than our children. For many 
Americans, building a family, becoming a mom or a dad--that is their 
American dream.
  IVF makes the difference in achieving that dream for millions of 
Americans who are facing infertility. IVF helps aspiring parents to 
start families, to grow their family. In the United States, nearly 200 
babies are born a day, so nearly 2 percent of all babies born are 
because of IVF.
  This treatment is really a game changer for so many families; that is 
why I strongly support continued nationwide access to IVF. IVF is legal 
and available from coast to coast, in every single corner of America, 
and in all 50 States.
  That includes my home State of Alabama, where Governor Ivey and the 
Alabama legislature acted quickly to protect IVF access.
  Today, we have an opportunity to act quickly and overwhelmingly to 
protect continued nationwide IVF access for loving American families.
  Our IVF Protection Act would do just that: It would give aspiring 
parents nationwide the certainty and peace of mind that IVF will remain 
legal and available in every State. Our bill is the only bill that 
protects IVF access while safeguarding religious liberty.
  It also could get 60 votes in the U.S. Senate, and isn't that the 
point? Yet we are going to have a show vote when we have been talking 
and saying that we want to protect access to IVF, but yet no one is 
working to actually get to the 60-vote threshold, which makes me wonder 
how serious my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are about 
this.
  In an era of hyperpartisanship, this bill, the IVF Protection Act, 
should be the one that is on the floor today. This is the bill that 
will give aspiring parents confidence and continued hope that their 
dreams of bringing life into this world can come true.
  Look, as I talk to families across Alabama and parents who are 
hopeful they can bring a child into this world, making sure that this 
process is protected and available is critically important.
  However, this bill is not the one the Democrats are putting on the 
floor. This is not drafted in that way. It is drafted to be a partisan 
scare tactic in what we are going to see today. For example, it is not 
written in a way to narrowly cover IVF; it includes completely separate 
treatments and technology, even including human cloning.
  Democrats are choosing to spread misinformation rather than fostering 
hope. The American people deserve better. The path forward is Senator 
Cruz and my IVF Protection Act. Again, I want to applaud my colleague 
from Texas for his unwavering and continued support for nationwide IVF 
access.
  While Democrats prioritize scaring families, Republicans will 
continue to fight for them. I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Texas.
  Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I want to thank my friend Senator Britt for 
her powerful and passionate defense of in vitro fertilization. Senator 
Britt has been an incredible partner as she and I have worked to pass 
landmark Federal legislation protecting IVF for every American.
  I am proud to rise once again to speak on an issue that is personal 
and vital to millions of American families: the protection of in vitro 
fertilization. IVF is a medical miracle that has brought the joy of 
parenthood to millions of families who otherwise might never have 
experienced it.
  I am an unequivocal supporter of protecting IVF, and I am grateful 
that IVF has given so many parents struggling with infertility the gift 
of finally holding a child, a baby, in their arms, finally having the 
opportunity to be a mother or a father and to raise a son or daughter 
and to give all of the love in a family that they so desperately want 
to give.
  Today, unfortunately, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle 
are staging an empty show vote on what they call an IVF bill in order 
to stoke baseless fears about IVF and push their broader political 
agenda.
  Let's be clear, there is not a single Senator in this Chamber, on 
either side of the aisle, who wants to ban IVF. All 100 Senators, to 
the best of my knowledge, support IVF. Not a single one has called for 
banning it.
  And yet I previously voted against the Democrats' partisan 
legislation because it is not an IVF bill. It is designed to backdoor 
and federalize broad abortion legislation, which I understand is the 
Democrats' partisan position, but it is contrary to the views of a 
great many Americans.
  And the partisan Democrat bill also deliberately overturns the 
conscious protections of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. You 
know, it is unfortunate that Democrats have abandoned what used to be a 
bipartisan commitment to religious liberty and they are now more than 
willing to overturn religious liberty protections.

  Instead of pushing a partisan and, frankly, cynical agenda, I invite 
my Democratic colleagues to actually do what they claim they want to 
do, which is work with me today and stand together to pass clear 
Federal legislation protecting IVF.
  IVF is profoundly pro-family. Over 8 million babies have been born 
through IVF, providing millions of American families the chance to 
embrace the joy of raising a child. It is an avenue of hope for those 
struggling with infertility.
  Misconceptions and deliberate scare tactics from the Democrats about 
the legal standing of IVF will only serve to hurt families who are 
desperately trying to welcome a child into their lives.
  What the American people deserve is straightforward, pro-IVF 
legislation. That is why my colleague Senator Britt and I have 
introduced the IVF Protection Act, legislation that offers ironclad, 
Federal statutory protection for IVF.
  Our bill does not engage in backdoor politics. It does not infringe 
on the deeply held beliefs of individuals or organizations. It simply 
does what needs to be done: safeguarding the right of couples to grow 
their family if they choose to use IVF. Because this should not be a 
political issue; instead, it is a deeply human issue.
  Our bill unequivocally prohibits any State or local government from 
banning IVF, ensuring that no family will be caught in the crossfire of 
State-level judicial interpretations. It provides peace of mind to 
parents and to aspiring parents, while still allowing States to 
implement reasonable health and safety standards.
  It ensures that access to IVF is fully protected by Federal law so 
that every family praying to have a child will be fully protected in 
their right to pursue parenthood.
  This isn't just policy. It is a promise to honor and support your 
desire to welcome a new baby into your family.
  I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill. 
This is a

[[Page S6076]]

moment for us to unite political divides and affirm our shared belief 
in the sanctity of family and the promise of life.
  In just a moment, I will propound a unanimous consent request to take 
up and pass the Cruz-Britt bill. Because if we truly stand with 
families, we must act now to ensure that IVF remains protected today 
and for generations to come.
  Now, for those of you in the gallery, those of you at home, there are 
times when Senate procedure can sound confusing. I want to explain what 
you are about to see. I am going to ask this body for unanimous consent 
to pass Senator Britt's and my legislation protecting IVF, putting it 
into Federal law, a clear Federal statutory protection for IVF.
  After I ask for consent, we are going to see a Democrat Senator stand 
up and begin speaking. When she begins speaking, you should listen to 
two magic words: ``I object.''
  If the Democrats say those words, ``I object,'' it will defeat this 
bill. And I want you to understand all that is necessary is for the 
Democrats not to say those words, ``I object.'' We could have Democrat 
Senators stand up and give speeches about all of their policy 
priorities, but understand, the show vote this afternoon is not about 
IVF, because if the Democrats wanted to protect IVF, this bill would 
pass 100 to nothing right now.
  What the show vote this afternoon is about is Democrats want to spend 
hundreds of millions of dollars running TV ads in an election season 
falsely claiming that Republicans oppose IVF.
  So listen carefully, if you hear the words ``I object'' from Senate 
Democrats, then you will understand the only reason that IVF is not 
protected with strong, ironclad protection in Federal statute is 
because Senate Democrats cynically object to protecting IVF.
  And I would note to the members of the media who are writing on this, 
the Democrats are staging the show vote to get the headlines. They want 
you to write headlines: Every Republican opposes IVF.
  Well, if you are going to write those false headlines, at least 
include the facts that today the Senate would have passed 100 to 
nothing strong, clear Federal protection of IVF for every mom and dad, 
every parent in America but for the fact that Senate Democrats 
cynically object while they claim to support IVF.
  Well, let's listen and see what happens. Let's hear if we hear the 
words ``I object.''
  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Finance Committee be 
discharged from further consideration of S. 4368 and the Senate proceed 
to its immediate consideration. I further ask that the bill be 
considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to 
reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?
  The Senator from Washington.
  Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, reserving the right to object. I have 
been perfectly clear about the glaring issue with this Republican bill. 
The cold, hard reality is this Republican bill does nothing to 
meaningfully protect IVF from the biggest threats from lawmakers and 
anti-abortion extremists all over this country.
  It would still allow States to regulate IVF out of existence. And 
this bill is silent on fetal personhood, which is the biggest threat to 
IVF. It is silent on whether States can demand that an embryo be 
treated the same as a living, breathing person or whether parents 
should be allowed to have clinics dispose of unused embryos, something 
that is a common, necessary part of the IVF process.
  Talk to the experts who provide this care. Talk to the families who 
are seeking it. And that question looms large in their mind.
  What are we supposed to do if our State says these embryos are 
living, breathing people? Do we have to do this process in another 
State? What is our legal risk here?
  That uncertainty is at the core of the chaos Republican bans have 
caused. The last time Republicans offered this hollow gesture of a 
bill, I asked the junior Senator from Texas point-blank: Do you support 
letting parents have unused embryos disposed of? And a funny thing 
actually happened: He said on the floor ``I will answer that 
question,'' but he never did. He spoke about what the laws in some of 
our States are, but he never actually said what he supported; he never 
said what he believes should be Federal law; he never mentioned that he 
once pledged to support a constitutional amendment to establish fetal 
personhood as the law of the land.
  So I ask all of my Republican colleagues once again: As a matter of 
national policy, should parents be allowed to dispose of unused 
embryos? If so, why is that key provision missing from your bill? Well, 
we all know why. If not, how can you look the American people in the 
eye and say you support IVF? It doesn't compute.
  Mr. President, I object.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.
  The Senator from Texas.
  Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I would note there is one reason and one 
reason only that the Senate has not passed 100 to nothing a clear, 
unequivocal Federal protection of IVF: because Senate Democrats 
cynically chose to object.
  The Senator from Washington raised all sorts of issues that are, 
frankly, red herrings. The issues she raised are current State law in 
multiple States, including Louisiana, including Missouri, including 
Georgia. Yet, IVF is fully protected and available in those States.
  Senator Britt and I very consciously focused this bill on issues that 
could command bipartisan agreement. There is not a word in this bill 
that any Senator, Democrat or Republican, disagrees with.
  Understand why the Democrats are objecting. The Democrats are 
objecting because they do not want to protect IVF in Federal statute. 
It is cynical because we are 49 days away from Election Day, and they 
intend to try to scare voters in elections across the country by 
misleading the voters--I will point out, at the same time that we have 
a Presidential election.
  Many of us served with the Vice President, Kamala Harris. I remember 
Vice President Harris voting again and again and again against border 
security, against a border wall. Yet, right now, Vice President Harris 
is spending millions of dollars running ads with pictures of Donald 
Trump's border wall. It is deeply cynical, and it is because she is 
running away from her open borders record.
  The same is true here. The Democrats are going to spend millions of 
dollars arguing that Republicans are opposed to IVF and ignoring the 
fact that it is Democrats standing up and objecting that prevent it 
from being protected in Federal law.
  The Democrats don't want to protect IVF because if we pass this law, 
do you know what? They couldn't run their misleading campaign 
commercials. So from a partisan perspective on the Democrat side, it is 
far better to block strong Federal legislation protecting IVF than to 
actually come together in a bipartisan way and pass this. I wish we had 
done that, but this is an election season, and perhaps that is asking 
too much from my colleagues.
  Mr. CORNYN. Will the Senator yield for a question?
  Mr. CRUZ. I would happily yield to Senator Cornyn for a question.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Texas.
  Mr. CORNYN. I am a little confused. If the Democrats sincerely want 
to pass a law relative to IVF, wouldn't they ordinarily work to have an 
amendment process where we can actually have debate and maybe achieve 
some consensus?
  It seems to me that by introducing a bill that they know is bound to 
fail and blocking the bill that you and the Senator from Alabama have 
offered, they are guaranteeing there will be no Federal protection for 
IVF. Am I missing something?
  Mr. CRUZ. As usual, my friend, the fellow Senator from Texas, you are 
not missing something. That is precisely what is going on. This is not 
lawmaking. This is politics. This is partisan politics. This is an 
election campaign commercial that the Democrats are engaging in.
  To make clear, Leader Schumer knows the result of the vote this 
afternoon. Why? Because we had the same vote just a couple of months 
ago. He knows exactly the result. Why are we voting on it again? 
Because they want

[[Page S6077]]

reporters to write the same headlines again to deceive the voters.
  Again, I invite my Democrat colleagues, this should be an easy bill 
to support if--and this is a big ``if''--in good faith you actually 
want to protect IVF legislation.
  If you want a campaign issue, the worst thing for Democrats is 
actually to pass the Cruz-Britt bill because then it takes the issue 
off the table because every mom and dad and every woman or man who 
wants to be a mother or father knows IVF is protected. The Democrats 
don't want that.
  Mr. CORNYN. Would the Senator yield for one more question?
  Mr. CRUZ. I am happy to yield to Senator Cornyn.
  Mr. CORNYN. So if Senator Schumer and Senator Murray--the Senate 
Democrats who offered this bill--were actually serious about passing a 
bill to protect IVF, wouldn't the logical approach be to make sure 
there was an opportunity to offer and vote on an amendment? If they 
were to prevail in their version of the bill, well, 60 Senators could 
determine that and make that happen.

  If, in fact, 60 Senators agreed with the bill that you and the 
Senator from Alabama have offered, then that bill would prevail and go 
to the House and then presumably to the President for his signature. 
But apparently they are afraid to allow the Cruz-Britt bill to even get 
a vote. They have so little confidence in the likely electoral outcome 
of their proposal that they don't even want a vote on the Cruz-Britt 
bill.
  So, again, I just wanted to ask the Senator a couple of questions 
because I was wondering whether I was missing something. This seems 
like, as you said, a cynical show vote and certainly not one to 
accomplish a result. I appreciate your answering the question.
  Mr. CRUZ. The Senator from Texas is exactly correct. As Senator 
Cornyn knows well, there are multiple ways to draft a bill. What the 
Democrats have drafted is a bill that is intended to force Republicans 
to vote no because that is the objective. They want the ``no'' vote. 
They deliberately have put poison pills in this bill. They call it an 
IVF bill, but it is a radical pro-abortion bill, and it is a radical 
anti-religious liberty bill. Their objective is they want their bill to 
fail because this is all about misleading campaign commercials.
  The bill that Senator Britt and I drafted--we worked very carefully 
to draft a bill that every Senator could agree with. There is not a 
word in our bill that the Democrats disagree with.
  Look, abortion is an issue that divides this Chamber. There are some 
of us who are pro-life; there are others who are pro-choice. Senator 
Britt and I recognized we were not going to resolve the disagreements 
on abortion on the floor today, so we deliberately drafted a bill that 
is focused on IVF specifically.
  There are no poison pills in our bill. There is nothing designed to 
force the Democrats to vote no.
  Senator Cornyn is exactly right that if our bill were on the floor, I 
believe it would pass. I believe any Democrat voting honestly would 
vote for it, but I think, at a minimum, we would get 60 votes and 
enough to pass it, which is why the Democrats object to taking it up--
because they want their bill to fail in order to be misleading.
  Mrs. BRITT. Would the Senator yield for a question?
  Mr. CRUZ. I am happy to yield to the Senator from Alabama.
  Mrs. BRITT. So it is my understanding, as the 2 of us came together, 
49 Republicans-strong, sent a letter--a statement saying we strongly 
support IVF. Now, if the Democrats were serious about needing to 
protect IVF--which, by the way, is legal and accessible in every 
State--then wouldn't they have come to us to figure out a pathway 
forward? Yet, today, instead of taking our bill and, if they feel like 
it needs to be improved, working to do that, they are choosing to do a 
show vote just to give themselves something to campaign on.
  Has anyone approached you about working together to find a pathway 
forward for IVF? Because I am a strong supporter of IVF. I am proudly 
here pro-family and believe that we need to find ways to make sure that 
people do have access and that it continues that way, and I think we 
have been very clear. But no one has approached me. And you have to get 
to 60.
  So if you really believe that IVF is in trouble and in jeopardy, then 
wouldn't we be the first two people you would come talk to? And no one 
has talked to me. Yet this bill is going on the floor, which means they 
know they can't get to 60. There are only 51 of them. Maybe they have a 
few more.
  My question is, has anyone approached you? Because if they 
authentically wanted to protect IVF, if they really cared about women 
and parents who are wanting to bring a child into the world and they 
want to give them certainty, they don't just want something to campaign 
on, I think we would be the first two people you would come talk to to 
figure out how to have a path forward. No one has spoken to me. It is 
so ingenuous. This body is supposed to be more than that. Has anyone 
spoken to you?
  Mr. CRUZ. I thank Senator Britt for that question. No, no Democrat 
has spoken to me.
  I am, like you, unequivocally in support of IVF, but, understand, the 
Democrats do not want to pass legislation protecting IVF. If you are 
trying to pass legislation, you don't put poison pills in it. That is 
what the Democrats have done. Their objective, their goal, is to have 
their partisan bill fail so that they can use it for political 
campaigns across this country. It is designed to fail, and it is 
cynical. It is also predicated on, sadly, the failure of the media--I 
would note there are no reporters that I see sitting in the Gallery. It 
is predicated on what they know the media will refuse to cover--that 
they are the ones blocking IVF. They are counting on the media to be 
partisan and to push their deceptive messaging.
  We should be protecting IVF. We should be standing unequivocally. As 
Senator Britt noted, all 49 Republicans stood and signed a joint letter 
saying we support IVF, we support protecting IVF.
  I would note, the last time Senator Britt and I came to this floor, 
we were joined by Senator Roger Marshall from Kansas. Senator Roger 
Marshall is a physician--he is an OB/GYN--who has performed IVF for 
years. He has helped hopeful parents become parents through IVF. And it 
is literally the cynical position of Democrats that an IVF doctor is 
opposed to IVF.
  I want to repeat that for you because it is such an absurd statement. 
It is the partisan political position of Senate Democrats that an IVF 
doctor--Roger Marshall has helped hundreds of parents conceive through 
IVF, and yet Senate Democrats claim he somehow opposes IVF. That is not 
true. Use your common sense.
  This is cynical, and it is wrong. But for those of you at home about 
to be subjected to millions of dollars of false campaign ads from the 
Democrats, just understand that if they are telling you that there are 
Senators who are trying to ban IVF, they are deliberately misleading 
you, and they are doing it because they don't want to defend their 
actual position on the issues.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority leader.
  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, by all accounts, a vote to protect 
something as basic and as popular as IVF shouldn't be necessary, but 
sadly it is very necessary thanks to attacks against reproductive care 
by Donald Trump and his Project 2025.
  From the moment Donald Trump's MAGA Supreme Court reversed Roe, the 
hard right made clear that they would keep going. As we saw earlier 
this year in Alabama, IVF has become one of the hard right's next 
targets.
  Today, Senate Republicans must answer a simple question: Do they 
support American families' access to IVF or not?
  If they support it, the only option is to vote yes on the Right to 
IVF Act, but if Senate Republicans vote no today and block IVF 
protections yet again, it will be further proof they stand against the 
well-being of families. If Senate Republicans vote no today, it will be 
further proof that Project 2025 is alive and well when it comes to 
women's rights and reproductive rights as well.
  Republicans cannot claim to care about supporting families while 
voting against IVF protections, but that is

[[Page S6078]]

precisely what they did 3 months ago. Today, Republicans get a second 
chance: Either stand with families struggling with infertility or stand 
against families and with Project 2025.
  Kudos and great thanks to Senators Duckworth and Murray and Booker 
and to everyone who has championed this bill. Thank you to all of my 
colleagues who have raised their voices on this most personal of 
issues. I urge everyone to vote yes.


             Motion to Proceed to the Motion to Reconsider

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I move to proceed to the motion to 
reconsider the vote by which cloture failed on the motion to invoke 
cloture on the motion to proceed to Calendar No. 413, S. 4445.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion.
  The motion was agreed to.


                   Motion to Reconsider Cloture Vote

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I move to reconsider the vote by which 
cloture was not invoked on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion 
to proceed to Calendar No. 413, S. 4445.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion to 
reconsider.
  The motion was agreed to.


                             Cloture Motion

  Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending 
cloture motion, which the clerk will state.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

                             Cloture Motion

       We, the undersigned Senators, in accordance with the 
     provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, 
     do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the motion to 
     proceed to Calendar No. 413, S. 4445, a bill to protect and 
     expand nationwide access to fertility treatment, including in 
     vitro fertilization.
         Charles E. Schumer, Tammy Duckworth, Richard Blumenthal, 
           Alex Padilla, Tammy Baldwin, Tim Kaine, Richard J. 
           Durbin, Jeanne Shaheen, Benjamin L. Cardin, Debbie 
           Stabenow, Patty Murray, Catherine Cortez Masto, Tina 
           Smith, Elizabeth Warren, Sheldon Whitehouse, Kirsten E. 
           Gillibrand, Christopher Murphy.

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous consent, the mandatory quorum 
call has been waived.
  The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the 
motion to proceed to Calendar No. 413, S. 4445, a bill to protect and 
expand nationwide access to fertility treatment, including in vitro 
fertilization, shall be brought to a close?
  The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll.
  Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker) 
and the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. Manchin) are necessarily 
absent.
  Mr. THUNE. The following Senators are neccessarily absent: the 
Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds), the Senator from North Carolina 
(Mr. Tillis), and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Vance).
  Further, if present and voting: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. 
Tillis) would have voted ``nay.''
  The yeas and nays resulted--yeas 51, nays 44, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 242 Leg.]

                                YEAS--51

     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Brown
     Butler
     Cantwell
     Cardin
     Carper
     Casey
     Collins
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gillibrand
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Helmy
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murkowski
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schumer
     Shaheen
     Sinema
     Smith
     Stabenow
     Tester
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden

                                NAYS--44

     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Braun
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Kennedy
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     Moran
     Mullin
     Paul
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Romney
     Rubio
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tuberville
     Wicker
     Young

                             NOT VOTING--5

     Booker
     Manchin
     Rounds
     Tillis
     Vance
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Welch). On this vote, the yeas are 51, the 
nays are 44. Three-fifths of the Senators duly chosen and sworn not 
having voted in the affirmative, the motion on reconsideration is not 
agreed to.
  The motion was rejected.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Illinois.


                            Right to IVF Act

  Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak on 
the bill that recently failed, despite my colleagues' assertion that 
they support access to in vitro fertilization for all Americans.
  You know, this morning I was able to pack my daughters' lunchboxes. 
It sounds mundane, I know, but when I spend just a second thinking 
about it, even that kind of everyday moment with my girls isn't mundane 
at all--it is a miracle.
  Because after 10 years of struggling with infertility, after being 
wounded in combat, I was only able to have my two darling girls through 
the medical marvel that is in vitro fertilization.
  The only reason there are PB&Js for me to make for their lunch, the 
only reason there are teeny sneakers for me to Velcro closed is because 
after I came home from war, I had the freedom to seek the healthcare I 
needed to make my dream of going from ``Tammy'' to ``mommy'' a reality.
  I was one of the lucky ones, because now, that freedom to get 
reproductive care is at risk for millions of other women whose most 
desperate hope in the world is to have a little one of their own. Make 
no mistake, that isn't some future nightmare; this is our present 
reality.
  Countless women already had their IVF treatments interrupted this 
year after an Alabama Supreme Court ruling painted women seeking 
fertility treatment as criminals.
  And in this perilous moment for our country, as we stare down 
November and all the uncertainties that come with it, there is no 
telling how many more will follow.
  Look, I doubt that Donald Trump even knows what the acronym IVF 
stands for, and half the time I wonder if he can even spell IVF. But 
despite the incoherent, delusional, and, frankly, embarrassing rambling 
that came out of his mouth last week, the reality is that he is the 
reason that IVF is at risk in the first place.
  The Dobbs decision is what led us to today's nightmare, taking the 
power to decide how and when to start families from us women and 
handing it to politicians in statehouses across the country.
  Donald Trump is the one who brags about taking down Roe. Donald Trump 
is the one who acts like that is something to be proud of. He is like a 
bank robber who steals cash out of the till and flees the scene and 
then still expects a reward for calling the police to report a crime.
  So while it may now be convenient for him to claim that his support 
of IVF is as huge as the made-up crowd sizes at his rallies, we know 
the truth. He is the reason that IVF is in danger. He is to blame. He 
and every other Republican who cares more about staying good with Trump 
than about doing good for the Americans they are supposed to be 
serving.
  Many--too many--of those Republicans are in this very Chamber. I know 
that because today marked the third time in the past 7 months that I 
have come to the floor begging my Republican colleagues to help me pass 
legislation I wrote that would protect every American's right to IVF, 
regardless of what State they live in--a bill that would ensure no 
doctor or hopeful mom could be criminalized for trying to start a 
family; one that would permit all health insurers to cover the 
treatments; and one that would require the Federal health insurance 
plan to cover reproductive technologies, allowing our troops to 
preserve their sperm or eggs before deploying to a combat zone.
  When I tried to pass it in February, it took the junior Republican 
Senator from Mississippi what seemed like not even one full Mississippi 
second to block its passage. Then when I tried to pass it again in 
June, nearly every GOP Member voted it down.
  Today it was the same old cynical story, as Republican after 
Republican voted no, no, no. And at this point, it is obvious, despite 
whatever talking

[[Page S6079]]

points they force through gritted teeth on cable news, when the rubber 
hits the road and the vote is called, Republicans will do anything to 
get out of actually passing legislation that would protect women's 
right to access reproductive healthcare.
  Women in this country have been through enough. What women don't need 
is a man who was found liable for sexual abuse controlling what we can 
or cannot do with our bodies. What we don't need are politicians who 
have sworn fealty to a convicted felon treating us like we are the ones 
who are criminals.
  It is tragic. Republicans only seem to care about protecting life 
when it supposedly consists of some cells in a medical lab freezer. But 
what about when that life is a fifth grader whose school day gets 
shattered by a man with an AR-15 who wants to turn their math class 
into a massacre?
  What about when that life is their neighbor's, who is yet one more 
woman to bleed out on the delivery table, as the maternal mortality 
crisis among women of color rages on? Well, then those same Republicans 
couldn't seem to care less about defending the sanctity of life.
  Listen, I am sure that some of my colleagues will try to slink away 
from taking any accountability here. Per usual, they will shout some 
ridiculous excuse, like this bill would allow for human-animal hybrids, 
as if anyone would ever believe that. And, for the record, it would 
not.
  Well, to those folks I say that this afternoon's vote was your chance 
to put your vote where your mouth is. It was your chance to prove that 
you believe that every woman in this country deserves the chance to be 
called ``Mom'' without also being called a criminal. Instead, your true 
policy beliefs, your hypocrisy, your misogyny showed through.
  Look, I went to war to defend this Nation's rights and freedoms. I 
did it because I believed so deeply in the importance of that mission. 
I wasn't asking my GOP colleagues to head into combat to show that they 
cared deeply too. I wasn't asking them to do anything hard at all, 
actually. All I was asking them to do was to simply support a bill that 
could have represented millions of women's only chance of starting 
families.
  All I was asking of them was to vote in a way that reflected the 
position they claim to have when they were spouting talking points on 
FOX News. They couldn't even do that. So on behalf of every woman who 
has faced a heart-shattering struggle of infertility, all I can say to 
my Republican colleagues this afternoon is: Shame on you.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Minnesota.
  Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I first want to thank our colleague 
Senator Duckworth from Illinois for her leadership. Anyone that sees 
the beautiful pictures of her two girls with their different 
personalities, both of whom would not be here without these procedures, 
would understand once you see those kids. As we all know people in our 
families, our friends, our neighbors who, literally, their families are 
there because of this procedure, we understand how disappointing this 
vote was. That is a Minnesota euphemism for what happened in just the 
last hour, where we only had two of our Republican colleagues--the same 
two who voted with us last time--who were willing to stand up for IVF.
  IVF is a miracle medical treatment for families who couldn't 
otherwise have children. Over the last four decades, 8 million babies--
8 million babies--have been born around the world thanks to IVF. Yet 
today we are moving backwards.
  The right to IVF is under attack because 2 years ago, the Supreme 
Court decided to shred half a century of legal precedent and strip away 
women's right to make their own healthcare decisions.
  Now American women are at the mercy of a patchwork of State laws, as 
my colleague from Illinois just described, which governs their access 
to reproductive care, including fertility treatment. What has happened 
in Minnesota now is way different than what happened in our neighboring 
States of South Dakota and North Dakota where, in fact, women have 
crossed the border to get the kind of healthcare they need instead of, 
as my colleague noted, what has happened in Oklahoma and other States--
bleeding out in parking lots because they have no choice.
  We saw it happen, of course, when it comes to IVF in Alabama. Their 
February Supreme Court decision brought IVF procedures in the State to 
a halt, leaving more than 2 million women in that State without access 
to this treatment.
  Whatever happens legally, court cases and the like that change 
things, that go back and forth, it really is the same thing, all of 
this. All of this angst, all of this actual disastrous effect on 
women's rights could have been prevented. But instead, we have a group 
of people--which does not reflect where 70 to 80 percent of the 
American people are--who have decided that politicians should make 
these decisions about women's health; that politicians should be the 
ones who are going to decide about IVF or are going to decide about 
whether or not people can get abortions or the kind of birth control 
that they want or even have access to mifepristone.
  I used to think that the people who were opposing us on this wanted 
to bring us back to the 1950s, but now it looks like it is the 1850s. 
The people of this country deserve better.
  I am thinking of Meta, a woman from Minnesota, who became a mom 
thanks to IVF. In her own words:

       I am the proud mother of twin girls, but without IVF and my 
     ability to access treatment, they would not be here today.
       Our twins are . . . almost 8 years old and I cannot imagine 
     my life without them. They are incredible humans who are 
     already bringing so much love, joy, and hope into this world.

  Every parent deserves that hope. No court, no politician should 
interfere with that hope. But right now that hope is under attack, and 
today many of my colleagues chose to deny that hope to women across the 
country. In doing so, they are working against the will of 86 percent 
of Americans who believe IVF should be protected and legal.
  Attacks on reproductive freedom and freedom in general is not what 
today should be about. I refuse to settle for a reality in which my 
daughter has fewer rights than I did or her grandmother did. And I will 
never stop fighting for a future where women--and not politicians--are 
in charge of their own healthcare decisions.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from North Carolina.
  Mr. BUDD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to use a prop during 
my speech.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.


           125th Anniversary of Appalachian State University

  Mr. BUDD. Mr. President, today, I have the distinct honor of 
recognizing my alma mater, Appalachian State University, on the 125th 
anniversary of its founding.
  Established in Boone, NC, as Watauga Academy in 1899, App State began 
as a teachers college with 53 students.
  Today, it enrolls over 21,000 students, employs more than 3,500 
employees, and boasts more than 150,000 living alumni who exemplify the 
Mountaineer spirit every day.
  This strong and steady growth has established App State as a premier 
public institution and one of the largest in the UNC System.
  Given its worldwide reputation, App State has remained true to its 
mission as a rural institution known for service to its local and 
regional communities. App State is committed to increasing enrollment 
of students from North Carolina's rural populations and ensuring timely 
graduation with as little debt as possible.
  The university's regional impact is undeniable, contributing nearly 
$2.2 billion to our State's economy. App State continues to maintain a 
low student-to-faculty ratio and offers more than 150 undergraduate and 
80 graduate majors at its campuses in Boone, Hickory, and online.
  The university is committed to supporting the workforce needs of 
North Carolina as one of our State's leading producers of graduates in 
business, education, and healthcare.
  Moreover, App State has stepped up to meet the growing needs in the 
areas

[[Page S6080]]

of veterinary technology, health sciences, and cyber security.
  App State's successes reach beyond the classroom to competitive 
sports, with more than 400 Mountaineer student athletes in 17 NCAA 
Division 1 varsity sports. These student athletes earned a cumulative 
GPA above 3.0 for the 12th consecutive year during the spring semester 
of 2024.
  Since joining the Sun Belt Conference in 2014, Mountaineer athletics 
programs have won 13 conference championships. Four of those titles 
belong to the nationally ranked football team--the legendary triumphs 
of which are known from Ann Arbor, MI, to College Station, TX.
  On behalf of the citizens of the State of North Carolina, I 
congratulate Appalachian State University on 125 years of service to 
our State and our region.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Arkansas.


                               Farm Bill

  Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, last week, hundreds of farmers and 
ranchers, from all regions of our country, representing operations of 
all sizes and all the major crops, traveled to the Capitol to encourage 
us to pass a strong, farm-focused farm bill before the end of this 
year.
  I met with many of these individuals, and I am grateful they took the 
time away from their families and their farms and ranches to tell us 
what is at stake if Congress fails to pass a farm bill this year.
  For these farmers, this trip came with the additional stress of being 
away from the farm at the height of harvest season. Their visits 
clearly articulated the anxiety gripping farm country at this crucial 
moment.
  For the past few months, farmers, ranchers, the organizations that 
represent them, and the agricultural banking sector have all warned of 
an impending crisis in farm country.
  Producers are struggling to make ends meet in an environment where 
costs for farm inputs have ballooned from inflation; interest rates 
have doubled; and market prices are far below the cost production.
  Coupled with consecutive years of losses, the financial stress 
borne--particularly by our row crop farmers--is now being revealed. The 
reality is, there will be fewer farmers in 2025 if Congress does not 
respond.
  We have been warned that many farmers will struggle to secure 
operating loans for next year. This is a devastating realization. The 
outdated farm safety net they are operating under is doing nothing to 
address these realities. That is why the Senate needs to take two 
immediate actions.
  First, we need to provide emergency assistance to address the 
economic losses that farmers are facing associated with the 2024 crop. 
Even with record yields, farmers are still not breaking even. This is 
not a crisis that they can handle, in any way insure themselves, or 
conserve their way out of it. Farmers across the country need a bridge 
to help their family farmers survive in the next year.
  We have seen previous ad hoc assistance programs established in a 
period of weeks, as demonstrated by then-Secretary Perdue when the 
COVID-19 pandemic created disruptions for producers. That level of 
timely and urgent response by Congress and the administration is once 
again warranted.
  In Southern States like Arkansas, in Mississippi, and Texas, many 
producers have harvested their 2024 crop, and many are losing hundreds 
of dollars per acre of ground they farm. That same experience is 
beginning to creep into the Midwest and Northern States as harvest 
begins in these regions.
  What do losses of this magnitude actually translate to? Not only are 
producers not able to pay their bills, but they won't be able to secure 
an operating loan for next year's crop, let alone have any income at 
all to survive on. This has a devastating ripple effect on rural 
businesses and communities.
  Now, let me be clear, emergency assistance does not reduce the need 
to make meaningful investments to the commodity and crop insurance 
titles of the next farm bill. In fact, the clear necessity of providing 
ad hoc assistance for economic losses demonstrates how inadequate the 
2018 farm bill has become.
  The next farm bill is the appropriate place to make the necessary 
long-term corrections to our farm safety net, but farmers need timely 
support addressing the 2024 losses as they enter the winter months when 
they make planting decisions and secure financing for the upcoming crop 
year, which leads me to this second action Congress must take.
  We must redouble our efforts and pass a farm bill before the end of 
the calendar year--one that meets this moment, one that provides the 
support our farmers desperately need to stay in business.
  I am committed to sitting down with my counterparts for as long as it 
takes to hash out a deal that our Members can support. I was encouraged 
to see House Ag Committee Ranking Member David Scott make a similar 
appeal last week. I know our respective chairs are eager to pass a bill 
this session of Congress, but the window to make this happen is closing 
quickly. Our family farmers are staring down a crisis that is growing 
more dire by the day, and many fear that the Senate simply doesn't care 
about their plight.
  The Presiding Officer and I both know, as the Presiding Officer is 
one of our stellar members on the Ag Committee, that that is far from 
the truth. I know that our colleagues--all of our colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle--want to make sure our farmers can continue to 
produce the safest, most affordable, and most abundant supply of food, 
fuel, and fiber in the world, but without action, it is an 
understandable sentiment. We have been sounding the alarm on this 
brewing crisis for months. It is the very reason we have been adamant 
about the need for more farm in the farm bill.
  I suggest the absence of a quorum.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.
  Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.


                 Unanimous Consent Request--S. Res. 669

  Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. President, across our country, more than 3 
million female high school and college athletes compete, practice, and 
train every day to achieve athletic success. For many of these young 
women and girls, their sports are more than just a game; they are a 
lifelong passion that improves their physical health, boosts self-
confidence, and teaches them the leadership skills to succeed on and 
off the field.
  In short, women's athletics have done incredible things for women, 
which is why it is so deeply disturbing to see the Biden-Harris 
administration wage a war on women's sports--in their crosshairs: title 
IX, the landmark civil rights law that codified protections on the 
basis of sex by requiring equal resources for training, recruitment, 
and scholarships for female athletic programs.
  Title IX led to an explosion of women's participation in sports. In 
fact, since 1972--the year title IX became law--the number of female 
college athletes has increased by a factor of seven while the number of 
female high school athletes has increased by more than tenfold. Yet, 
for years, we have seen this administration undermine the very title IX 
protections that have enabled greater women's participation in sports.
  In 2022, on the 50th anniversary of title IX, the Department of 
Education announced new rules that forced schools to allow biological 
males to play on female teams; and just in April, the administration 
redefined ``discrimination'' to allow biological men to use women-only 
locker rooms and bathrooms.
  Are Tennesseans and the American people really expected to believe 
this is OK? You do not need to be a biologist to understand that there 
are fundamental, biological differences between men and women, and when 
it comes to sports, these differences undermine fair play, erase 
women's hard-earned achievements, and put female athletes in danger.
  Thankfully, many young women are bravely speaking out against the 
Biden-Harris administration's radical agenda, including Tennessee's 
Riley Gaines. In 2021, Riley was forced to compete against and share a 
locker room with a biological male during the NCAA women's swimming and 
diving championships. During the 200-meter

[[Page S6081]]

competition, Riley tied for fifth with her male competitor, but when 
Riley went to the awards ceremony to pick up her trophy, officials told 
her that they were giving the fifth place trophy to the biological 
male. ``Yours will be coming in the mail,'' they told her.
  This should never happen in the United States. Now, more than ever, 
Congress should stand with the female athletes fighting for fair play 
and celebrate the incredible contributions women have made in the world 
of sports. That is why I am calling for unanimous consent for my 
resolution to establish October 10 as American Girls in Sports Day. Of 
course, we picked that date for a special reason. As the 10th day of 
the 10th month, October 10 is represented by the Roman numerals XX, the 
same numerals of the female sex chromosome.
  In the last 50 years, female athletes have gone from the sidelines to 
the center stage of competition. As we continue to fight for women's 
participation in sports, we must keep in mind what is at stake, and the 
American Girls in Sports Day resolution will help to ensure that we all 
join together and celebrate our female athletes.
  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from 
further consideration and that the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 669; 
further, that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to; 
and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the 
table.

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?
  The Senator from Connecticut.
  Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, first of 
all, let me offer my thanks to the Senator from Tennessee for all the 
work that she has done with my colleague Senator Blumenthal to protect 
our kids online. I am truly grateful for what they have done together, 
and although she and I have not worked closely together on legislation, 
I hope that we will be able to find partnerships to work together to 
further protections for our kids. I mean that sincerely. She and I may 
not agree on a lot--as you will hear, we don't agree on this particular 
resolution--but I do hope that we get the chance to work together. I 
mean that.
  I also mean this with all due respect: Let's be clear about what this 
is. This isn't an effort to solve a problem. This whole obsession with 
transgender kids from the rightwing is just about picking on vulnerable 
kids so that adults can make themselves feel big--bullying and 
harassing kids because it makes adults feel powerful. As far as I am 
concerned, this whole effort is shameful.
  It is important to understand that resolutions like this do not stand 
in isolation. It is part of a massive campaign by the right to convince 
Americans that they should fear immigrants, that they should fear 
Muslims, that they should fear gay children, that they should fear 
transgender athletes.
  The world in which Republicans want us to live is a world where the 
biggest problems are not low wages or expensive healthcare or addiction 
or loneliness, but the threats posed to us by people who are of a 
different race or speak a different language or are of a different 
sexual orientation or gender identity. It is a massive, coordinated 
attempt to marginalize people who aren't White, straight, and 
Christian, and it exists for a reason: to distract you.
  I have a ton of close Republican friends in this Chamber whom I work 
with a lot, but let's be honest. The Republican Party's platform today 
is maybe the most unpopular agenda of any major political party in 
recent memory: ban abortion, cut taxes for corporations and 
millionaires, ban books, loosen gun laws. Nobody wants any of that.
  So what do you do if the things you actually want to do if you 
achieve power are super, super unpopular? You distract them with giant, 
gross lies, like immigrants are eating our pets, or greatly exaggerated 
untruths, like our high school sports are under assault from 
transgender kids.
  It is all an effort to hide the ball from the real agenda--abortion 
bans and millionaire tax cuts--by trying to make you believe that you 
should spend your entire day, that you should spend your entire life, 
just being afraid of people who are different from you.
  Let me give you the facts, not the fearmongering, about high school 
transgender athletes, and I will let you decide whether this situation 
is worthy of hundreds of bills having been introduced by Republicans 
all across the country and whether it is worthy of debate continuously, 
over and over again, on the Senate floor.
  There are over 6 million kids competing in high school sports today. 
For the problem of transgender girls competing in girls sports to be a 
national crisis, what percentage of that 6 million would be transgender 
girls? Ten percent? Is that a crisis? Five percent? One percent? It is 
none of those.
  Let's take Florida as an example. More than 800,000 students in 
Florida participate in high school athletics. Before they enacted their 
ban, how many transgender athletes were in Florida of those 800,000 
students? One hundred? Nope. Fifty? Nope. Over the course of 8 years in 
the entire State of Florida, before their ban, there were 13 
transgender high school athletes--13. Those 13 girls were apparently 
waging a war against girls sports. That is a pretty small army to be 
waging a war.
  You are more likely to be killed by a falling object in this country 
than to have your daughter compete against a transgender girl in high 
school sports, but what if she did? I think every State and every 
school district should decide these questions for themselves. I don't 
think the Federal Government should get involved. But as a parent, 
personally, I celebrate those few transgender kids, who often spend 
their entire adolescence being shamed or marginalized by the kind of 
small people who push resolutions like this--I celebrate the fact that 
they get the experience of the comradery and the happiness that come 
with being part of a sports team. I think that is great. I don't think 
that is a threat to my kids. I don't think that is a threat to my 
community or the Nation.
  I teach my kids to love everybody, to include everybody, to see 
people who are different from them--who are a different race, a 
different religion, even a different gender identity--as potential 
friends, not as enemies, waging war against them, to be shamed or 
bullied.
  This is an absurd resolution. It is designed to distract Americans 
from Republicans' real agenda. It is designed to build a culture of 
fear and mistrust, a culture that I and, I am going to tell you, most 
Americans reject.
  Therefore, I object.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The objection is heard.
  The Senator from Tennessee.
  Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. President, I would encourage my colleague to go 
read the Republican Party platform. It is very short, as a matter of 
fact. There is nothing in it about banning anything, believe you me. I 
know that. So I would encourage him to take the 15 or 20 minutes. It is 
not a long, lengthy document. It has 20 actions that we are going to 
take, and then it has some principles on which we stand and believe.
  I also find it very interesting that he looks at a resolution that 
would celebrate women as something that should be feared, because it is 
not about fear. It is not about division. It is not about distraction. 
This is something that says to our young girls and these young 
athletes: We are proud of you. Keep it up.
  I mean, here is some of the language from the resolution:

       Athletic participation has an important, positive impact on 
     young girls, improving their physical health, self-
     confidence, and discipline. . . . Women have been responsible 
     for some of the greatest athletic feats in the sports history 
     of the United States, from the Olympic games--

  And we all cheered our young women who excelled and won those medals 
and those who were in competition in the Olympics--

     [all the way] to professional competition. . . . [F]emale 
     athletes have served as inspirations for generations of women 
     and girls.

  In Tennessee, I will tell you, there are young girls probably out in 
the driveway bouncing a basketball right now. They want to be a Lady 
Vol. That is one of their goals in life.
  As for the number of titles and things that have been lost since 
2003, biological men have displaced women and girls from over 950 
championship titles, medals, scholarships, and

[[Page S6082]]

records that should have rightfully gone to these girls and at least 28 
women sports titles in volleyball, swimming, mountain biking, track and 
field, weightlifting, and cycling.
  This is a celebration of female accomplishments. This is a 
celebration of female accomplishments.
  So while I enjoy the opportunity to work with my colleague, I am 
disappointed to hear him feel and express his opinion that celebrating 
women and giving a day to celebrate our female athletes would be 
something that would strike fear and would cause division. We should 
all be united around celebrating our female athletes.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.


                            Right to IVF Act

  Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, today we once again attempted to move 
forward on the Right to IVF Act, and Republicans once again stopped us.
  Now, let's remember a few things about how we actually got here, 
because it is infuriating. Republicans have tried to claim the right to 
IVF is not under attack, but it was Republicans' own votes that killed 
this bill, and it was the Republicans' own efforts to overturn Roe v. 
Wade and champion fetal personhood--which treats an embryo like a 
living, breathing, person--that caused the chaos and uncertainty around 
IVF access. That caused women in Alabama to have IVF appointments 
canceled earlier this year, jeopardizing women's hopes of growing their 
families and lighting on fire the thousands of dollars some of these 
patients spent ahead of treatment.
  And despite that hard lesson, to this day, there is still widespread 
Republican support for fetal personhood bills. To this day, in 
Republicans' own bills to supposedly protect IVF, they say nothing 
about fetal personhood and do nothing to make sure parents can dispose 
of unused embryos.
  Now, Democrats came forward with a bill that would actually protect 
IVF. Our bill, the Right to IVF Act, protects the right to IVF 
nationally, and it lowers the cost of IVF for families with stronger 
insurance requirements. It also includes my bill to make sure more 
veterans and servicemembers can access IVF services.
  And many of the same Republicans who have supported fetal personhood 
laws--the single greatest threat to IVF--are pretending this bill is 
unnecessary. Many of the same Republicans who are desperate to posture 
as pro-family and who constantly say they stand by our troops are 
saying: We can't afford to help more military families get IVF.
  Funny how they are always game to shovel more money at tax breaks for 
billionaires, though. But I digress.
  Mr. President, Republicans voted this bill down--again. They voted 
down protecting IVF--again. They voted down making IVF more 
affordable--again. They voted down helping servicemembers and veterans 
grow their families--again. And they did it fresh off another round of 
pretending to support IVF. They did it just as Donald Trump, the man 
who kicked all of this off, the man who proudly boasted that he ended 
Roe, is trying to say he is the leader on IVF.
  When Donald Trump says he is the leader on IVF, hear me on two 
things: First, he almost certainly doesn't understand what IVF is. 
Secondly, he doesn't understand what leadership is. You do not get 
credit for opposing a problem that you caused in the first place, 
especially when your party--the party you lead--won't let us solve it.
  The entire country just saw, plain as day, that Donald Trump is lying 
again and that nothing has changed for Republicans since they 
overturned Roe v. Wade. Nothing has changed for Republicans since the 
absolute heartbreaking chaos their extremism caused in Alabama. Nothing 
has changed for Republicans despite Trump's imaginary leadership on IVF 
and despite all the families who are calling for action.
  But Democrats are not going to stop pushing. And I have a message for 
my Republican colleagues who think they can talk about this issue, make 
big promises to desperate families--like Trump's promise to cover IVF 
treatment--and then fail to follow through. I would urge them to think 
again and tread lightly, because that promise may just be an empty 
sound bite to Donald Trump, but it is so personal to these families. It 
is personal to women who have been trying for years to start a family 
with no luck, women who, month after month, get their hopes up and face 
another heartbreak.
  The last thing these families need is a broken promise. The last 
thing their heart can bear is false hope. So don't you dare breathe 
another word about helping them get IVF when you are not willing to put 
up the votes and make it happen. Don't you dare talk about protecting 
their chance to grow their family when you are not willing to stand 
clear and strong against fetal personhood laws.
  Don't you dare raise your voice in more fake support when you won't 
lift a finger to actually help, because these families have been 
listening to your words. They saw how you voted today. And, Mr. 
President, they will not forget.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Hawaii.
  Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, here in this Chamber, it is your vote that 
counts--not your tweets, not your public statements, not your TV 
interviews. Your votes. And today for the second time in 3 months, 
Republicans voted against protecting IVF. Some of them claim to support 
IVF. All of them profess to be pro-life. But given a chance to be both, 
they failed.
  Republicans are doing a lot of mental gymnastics to try to justify 
their cruel extremism on this issue. But let's be very clear about what 
the Right to IVF Act does. It protects every American's right to access 
IVF and lower the cost of treatments for families who need it. That 
means anyone struggling to start or to grow a family can undergo IVF 
without fear of interference or punishment by the government.
  And think about the fact that we have to make a law that says 
families should not be punished for trying to start a family. That is 
what this bill does. It says you should have access to this care and 
you cannot be punished for trying to start a family. It means providers 
can administer the treatment without worrying that they will be thrown 
in jail or have their license taken away just for doing their jobs. And 
it means insurers can cover IVF without implementing absurd 
restrictions and onerous requirements that would make it all but 
impossible to access this miraculous treatment.
  This bill is a commonsense measure that is necessary precisely 
because of the environment Republicans created with the fall of Roe, an 
environment where over half of women of reproductive age in America now 
live in States that are hostile to abortion rights. And let's be clear, 
Republicans did that through their vessel of the U.S. Supreme Court.
  And so they can pretend to be for IVF but vote against the bill that 
would actually protect it for good. They can pretend to be for life 
while also trying to restrict access to a miraculous treatment that 
creates life. They can pretend to have their own bill to support IVF 
when, in fact, that bill literally does the opposite. It literally does 
the opposite because here, it is your vote that counts. It is not your 
rhetoric. It is not your statement. It is not even your explanation. 
They voted no against IVF. And shame on them.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. HELMY). The Senator from Washington.
  Ms. CANTWELL. I rise to join my colleagues and want to thank my 
colleague, Senator Murray, for her leadership on this important issue 
over many, many years.
  I join my colleagues to say it is time to put partisan politics aside 
and stay out of family planning issues and leave that up to families in 
America.
  My colleagues on the other side of the aisle had an opportunity today 
to believe that women deserve the chance to start a family through IVF, 
the miracle for people who have been struggling with fertility 
challenges.
  In 2022, more than 2,000 new babies were born in the State of 
Washington thanks to IVF. This is something we would like to see every 
year. But as the Court has struck down important issues and States have 
gone on various efforts to try to restrict women's access to healthcare 
and full reproductive care, IVF has even been questioned.
  Practically everyone knows someone who overcame the challenge 
desperate to have a pregnancy and the sadness of

[[Page S6083]]

infertility. And that is probably why 86 percent of Americans say that 
IVF should be legal.
  This afternoon, we voted on that right, the Right to IVF Act. That is 
what we were voting on, a straightforward vote. One of those that would 
just show the American people, the mainstream of America, that we agree 
with them. That is all we were trying to do, as people have punted 
around this very important right that now, because of actions by 
individual States, no longer seems to be guaranteed.
  Yet we all here could have cast a vote saying we wanted to protect it 
in voting for this act. It was an opportunity for us to ask our 
colleagues who previously voted against this measure to say that they 
actually agreed this time on IVF; to show that they mean what they say, 
not some version of a bill that basically curtails and makes it 
impossible for somebody to run an IVF organization.
  We have no time for that--no time for that. My colleagues' voting 
history shows that if you didn't support IVF before and you didn't 
support it today, I am not sure what it is you think you support.
  Democrats are trying to guarantee the access, and Republicans are 
blocking us. Democrats tried to guarantee the right to contraception, 
which 81 percent of Americans say should be protected, and Republicans 
blocked us.
  We tried to pass a law saying you can't put a woman in jail for 
trying to leave her State just to get abortion care, and that was 
blocked. And we tried to pass a law saying that you can't put a 
healthcare worker in jail for performing abortions in their State where 
the procedure is legal. Republicans blocked that, too. And today 
another block of just something very basic--the Right to IVF Act.
  So reproductive freedoms of all sorts and family planning is under 
attack. We had a chance to speak as one voice and to talk about 
fertility treatments in the United States of America. Instead, families 
will continue to wonder whether IVF is going to be available in the 
United States of America. Americans should have the access to these 
reproductive rights. Americans should have the freedom to decide for 
themselves when and how to have children. And they should have the 
freedom to use IVF for their families and to plan to start a family.
  This summer, I released a healthcare report, along with my 
colleagues, that talked about people who lived in red States where they 
were forcing people to travel to other States just to get healthcare. 
It was so sad and scary to find out that, basically, almost weekly, 
someone from Idaho was walking into a facility with a pregnancy 
complexity, only to be told: I am not going to see you. And then have 
them flown to a facility in Seattle. What kind of hardship are you 
putting on people?
  Then, with great sadness, I read this article that came out late last 
night about the death of a young woman from Georgia ``who died after 
waiting 20 hours for a hospital to treat her complications from an 
abortion pill shows the consequences of [the actions that we passed] 
Donald Trump's actions.''
  This is what we are doing to America. We are leaving reproductive 
choice up in the air. We are making women travel all over just to get 
care. And now we are telling Americans we don't even know if we believe 
in IVF. This nonsense has to stop. This is about families planning. 
This is about families planning for their future. It is not about 
politicians putting hardships on patients seeking healthcare and then 
turning them away and affecting their lives. And in this case, the 
tragedy of this young woman.
  I thank my colleague, Senator Murray, for helping organize us. I ask 
our colleagues: We can do better than this. They need to do better than 
this for the American people.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Hawaii.
  Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Murray for her 
leadership on reproductive freedom issues and my colleagues talking 
today about the IVF bill we just voted on.
  Once again, today, our Republican colleagues have shown us where 
their priorities truly lie. Despite insisting time and again how much 
they support the right to in vitro fertilization, or IVF, they just 
voted again, nearly unanimously, to block a bill providing that very 
right.
  For decades, IVF and other assisted reproductive technologies, or 
ART, have helped people who otherwise couldn't start families of their 
own. While some on the right like to depict IVF as some sort of new or 
untested technology, that is not so. The first baby delivered via IVF 
was more than 45 years ago. And since then, IVF have helped bring more 
than 10 million babies into this world.
  In fact, as a State representative in Hawaii in the eighties, I led 
the passage of a bill making Hawaii one of the first States in the 
Nation to require health insurers to cover IVF treatment.
  Earlier this year, I met Dr. Lori Kamemoto, an OB-GYN in Hawaii who, 
decades ago, helped deliver the first baby born in Hawaii via IVF.
  But now, thanks to the chaos created by Dobbs, a whole range of 
reproductive rights, including the right to IVF, are on the chopping 
block. Look at Alabama where the State Supreme Court invoked a ``fetal 
personhood'' law to call into question the legality of IVF, effectively 
halting IVF treatment in that State.
  Despite the fact that more than 85 percent of Americans support IVF, 
Republicans here in the Senate have now, on several occasions, blocked 
our attempts to pass a bill to protect IVF treatments. Apparently, 
Republicans' obsessions with power and control over women's bodies and 
our lives knows no bounds.
  Republicans insist that they support IVF but refuse to protect access 
to IVF. They insist access to contraception is safe and they support 
it, but when given the chance, refuse to codify that support into law.
  Frankly, can anyone take Republicans at their word when they say they 
won't enact a nationwide abortion ban if given the opportunity? We 
can't. They have shown us who they are and just how wildly out of step 
they are with the American people.
  As Republicans continue on their anti-freedom, anti-women crusade, 
Democrats will continue fighting to protect the right to IVF as we work 
to ensure people can make decisions about their bodies, their lives, 
and their futures free from government intrusion.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Connecticut.
  Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, actions speak louder than words. 
Actions always speak louder than words. For all their words, our 
Republican colleagues have acted today in a way that will speak for 
years and longer.
  It will speak to Lisa, a constituent of mine in Connecticut. I ask my 
Republican colleagues to listen to Lisa and what she shared with me 
after the Alabama Supreme Court ruling and before she and her husband 
became parents to a healthy, happy baby girl as a result of IVF. She 
said:

       If a woman is willing to go through the physical, 
     emotional, and financial toll of IVF treatment to bring a new 
     life into the world, you had better believe she is going to 
     love that baby more than anything one can imagine. And we 
     need more love like that in the world.
  For Lisa, that Alabama Supreme Court ruling banning IVF treatment was 
``heartbreaking and infuriating.'' Families like Lisa's wouldn't exist 
if it weren't for IVF.
  I ask my Republican colleagues to listen to Kim and Tina, who were 
married in 2013 and immediately knew they wanted to start a family in 
Connecticut. As a gay couple, they needed to rely on reproductive 
technology, and they were forced to meet standards that their straight 
friends never encountered. And IVF worked for them. They are now proud 
parents to twins whom they call ``the greatest gifts of our lives.'' 
Interested in politics and government, trumpets and sailing, they are 
gifts to their community, their friends, and their school.
  Listening to parents who have gone through the heartbreak and pain of 
infertility and who have found this miracle of IVF--it is not limited 
to Kim and Tina and Lisa; it is all of America who knows these stories 
in their own lives. Every American knows a couple that has tried year 
after year, and finally, if they are really lucky and can afford it, 
discovers the miracle of IVF.

[[Page S6084]]

  Very simply, every one of those families, every American ought to 
have access to that miracle of life. Yet our Republican colleagues, 
even though their own constituents would tell them, if they were 
listening, about the reasons why IVF should be protected, have acted 
today, despite their words and their rhetoric, to block IVF protection.
  This scientific miracle is so immensely important, it ought to be 
nonpolitical, nonpartisan, noncontroversial. There ought to be 
unanimity.
  And this vote is the second one. I believe in second chances. If we 
had wanted to be strictly political about this bill, we could have 
said: Well, no second chance here; we are going to take you on that 
first vote, because that would be the one politically advantageous. We 
gave them a second chance to get right on IVF, and they refused.
  I am angry. I am disgusted. Most important, I am sad because this 
vote was an opportunity to tell American families: We are with you. We 
stand with you. We know how physically painful IVF is. We know how 
emotionally painful infertility can be. We know how great families want 
to build greater families with children who will serve our country, 
make it greater.
  The callousness and cowardice of our Republican colleagues speak 
louder than words, and this vote will haunt them. It will haunt at the 
very least their consciences--or it should.
  We have the courage to stand with the American families who need and 
deserve IVF.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Michigan.
  Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, first, I am so grateful to be here with 
colleagues who care deeply about protecting our reproductive freedoms 
and supporting families all across America. I want to thank Senator 
Patty Murray, who has been our leader on this for many years.
  It is just incredible to me that in 2024, we are standing here even 
having to talk about this. It is really incredible.
  I just want to take us back to it because this Congress, Republicans 
have had 16 chances to protect reproductive freedom--over 16 chances--
and every time, they have voted no. So today, once again, they block a 
bill to protect access to IVF for thousands of American families.
  Now, we had this vote before, and then the former President said he 
changed his mind and he wanted to make IVF free and he wanted to force 
insurance companies to cover IVF. I thought, well, that is great. Let's 
come together in a bipartisan way to be able to move forward and 
protect this really important part of reproductive freedom. So we bring 
the bill up again.
  Now, I assume that the former President was on the phone all last 
night calling our colleagues, calling all of our Republican 
colleagues--I mean, like he did for his effort to block and kill the 
bipartisan border security bill. When he wanted to make sure that 
didn't go forward and he had an issue to run on, he was burning up the 
phones.
  Well, given what he said to the American people about his now support 
for IVF, I assume he was burning up the phones last night. Well, if he 
was, it wasn't very effective. And, Mr. President, we know he wasn't. 
We know, when he really wants something, what he does. When he really 
wants something, he is calling the Speaker of the House to say: Don't 
support a bipartisan bill to continue the government; shut it down.
  But I bet there wasn't one phone call made last night to support this 
effort to protect a woman's reproductive freedom and the freedom of 
families to grow their families.
  Since the fall of Roe, Republicans have continued their assault on 
reproductive freedom: IVF; questions about birth control; of course, 
abortion access; and then a whole range of privacy questions for women 
in terms of what happens during their pregnancies.
  We know that IVF is about allowing the freedom to have children. If 
you struggle with infertility, it gives you a way, an effective way, to 
start or grow a family. It has helped thousands of Americans, thousands 
of American children, including my friend Ellen, who now has a 
beautiful little boy, Carter. He just had his first birthday party not 
long ago. I mean, how could you not love that face? Carter is 
incredible, and we are all so excited for Ellen and for Carter. That is 
the miracle of IVF.
  IVF has also helped Brittany from Holly, MI, start her family. After 
being diagnosed with PCOS at 16, she experienced fertility issues when 
she was ready to start a family. After 3 years, six rounds of fertility 
treatments, countless tests, and two rounds of IVF, she gave birth to 
her beautiful baby girl, Eloisa, who is now 11 months old. What a 
blessing.
  Despite the strain this journey put on her relationships, Brittany 
told me that every penny was worth it. ``Every penny was worth it for 
our daughter. IVF has made our family complete.''
  She is not the only Michigander who has been able to start a family 
because of IVF. When her husband was serving our country in the U.S. 
Navy, Sue from Brighton, MI, used IVF to bring her son into the world. 
At the time, she was an elementary school teacher, and her husband was 
deployed for months at a time. Her entire salary went towards the seven 
rounds of IVF that were needed to have a successful pregnancy. With 
insurance only paying for some of the medication, she spent over 
$100,000 out of pocket on treatment to be able to have that baby. This 
journey put an emotional and financial strain on Sue and her husband, 
and that is surely not surprising, and this situation is not unique.
  Our veterans and servicemembers sacrifice so much for our country. 
They shouldn't have to sacrifice their ability to start or grow a 
family because these treatments aren't covered and politicians tell 
them they don't have that choice.
  Families shouldn't have to choose between going into debt to cover 
the enormous cost of treatment and having a baby just because it is not 
covered by insurance.
  That is why voting for the Right to IVF Act was a no-brainer for me. 
We need to protect this freedom, access to this opportunity for 
families. We need to expand and protect fertility treatments for our 
servicemembers and our veterans and cover adoption assistance. We need 
to cover and lower the cost of IVF treatments for all. We need to make 
sure women have the freedom to make our own reproductive decisions, not 
rightwing politicians, not judges.
  When I hear the former President say that this was all about sending 
the decision back to the States rather than the Federal Government--no. 
This is about having individual women and their families make a 
decision. It doesn't matter if it is a Federal politician or a State 
politician; the point is, there should be no politician. It should be 
the woman and her family making those decisions, the woman herself 
making that decision about what will happen for her.
  So that is what we are fighting for, and we are not going to stop 
fighting for that. In America, we had that freedom for over 50 years, 
and it got ripped away by Donald Trump and the appointments he made to 
the U.S. Supreme Court. Now it has just unleashed all kinds of harm, 
all kinds of damage for women, and death, because of the fact that some 
folks think they can control women's lives.
  I am incredibly disappointed that our Republican colleagues did not 
join us today in protecting this important freedom.
  I yield the floor.
  I suggest the absence of a quorum.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.
  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.
  Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for 
the quorum call be rescinded.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6084-S6085]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                           EXECUTIVE CALENDAR

  Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to 
consider Calendar No. 700.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion.
  The motion was agreed to.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination.

       The bill clerk read the nomination of Rose E. Jenkins, of 
     the District of Columbia, to be a Judge of the United States 
     Tax Court for a term of fifteen years.

[[Page S6085]]

  








[Page S6085]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                           EXECUTIVE CALENDAR

  Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on behalf of the majority leader, I ask 
the Chair to execute the order from yesterday with respect to the 
confirmation vote on the Costello nomination.








[Page S6085]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                             Cloture Motion

  Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The cloture motion having been presented under 
rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion.
  The bill clerk read as follows:

                             Cloture Motion

       We, the undersigned Senators, in accordance with the 
     provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, 
     do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomination 
     of Executive Calendar No. 700, Rose E. Jenkins, of the 
     District of Columbia, to be a Judge of the United States Tax 
     Court for a term of fifteen years.
         Ron Wyden, Alex Padilla, Debbie Stabenow, Catherine 
           Cortez Masto, Mark Kelly, Jack Reed, Tim Kaine, John W. 
           Hickenlooper, Christopher Murphy, Robert P. Casey, Jr., 
           Richard Blumenthal, Benjamin L. Cardin, Christopher A. 
           Coons, Margaret Wood Hassan, Chris Van Hollen, Tammy 
           Baldwin, Tina Smith.

  Mr. DURBIN. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call 
for the cloture motion filed today, September 17, be waived.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Page S6085]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                      Vote on Costello Nomination

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the question is, 
Will the Senate advise and consent to the Costello nomination?
  Mr. DURBIN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?
  There appears to be a sufficient second.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The bill clerk called the roll.
  Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker), 
the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. Manchin), and the Senator from 
Oregon (Mr. Wyden), are necessarily absent.
  Mr. THUNE. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator 
from Arkansas (Mr. Cotton), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds), 
the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Tillis), and the Senator from Ohio 
(Mr. Vance).
  Further, if present and voting: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. 
Tillis) would have voted ``yea.''
  The result was announced--yeas 52, nays 41, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 243 Ex.]

                                YEAS--52

     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Brown
     Butler
     Cantwell
     Cardin
     Carper
     Casey
     Collins
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gillibrand
     Graham
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Helmy
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murkowski
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Romney
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schumer
     Shaheen
     Sinema
     Smith
     Stabenow
     Tester
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse

                                NAYS--41

     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Braun
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Cornyn
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Kennedy
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     Moran
     Mullin
     Paul
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Rubio
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tuberville
     Wicker
     Young

                             NOT VOTING--7

     Booker
     Cotton
     Manchin
     Rounds
     Tillis
     Vance
     Wyden
  The nomination was confirmed.
  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the previous order, the 
motion to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table, and 
the President will be immediately notified of the Senate's action.
  The Senator from Texas.

                          ____________________








[Page S6085]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                    Nomination of Mary Kay Costello

  Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today the Senate will vote to confirm Mary 
Kay Costello to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of 
Pennsylvania.
  From 1986 to 1994, Ms. Costello served as a staff sergeant in the 
U.S. Air Force. She then earned her B.A. from Temple University and her 
J.D. from Temple University Beasley School of Law.
  After completing law school, she began her legal career in private 
practice as a litigation associate with Saul Ewing LLP, then moved to 
Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld in 2004. While in private practice, she 
handled a range of commercial litigation matters.
  Since 2008, Ms. Costello has served as an assistant U.S. attorney in 
the criminal division of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern 
District of Pennsylvania. She is currently assigned to the public 
corruption and civil rights unit, and she previously served in the 
healthcare fraud and government fraud unit and the consumer and 
commercial fraud unit. She has prosecuted criminal cases involving 
bribery, drug diversion schemes, and schemes to defraud the government, 
including successful prosecutions in several illegal drug distribution 
cases involving ``pill mills.''
  Over the course of her legal career, Ms. Costello has tried 11 cases 
to verdict, all of which were before a jury.
  Ms. Costello has the strong support of both of her home State 
Senators, Mr. Casey and Mr. Fetterman, and the American Bar Association 
unanimously rated her as ``well qualified.''
  Ms. Costello is a highly accomplished litigator whose breadth of 
experience and dedication to service make her an outstanding nominee to 
the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. I urge my colleagues to join me 
in supporting her nomination.








[Pages S6085-S6086]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                SOUTHERN BORDER TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2023

  Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, the Biden-Harris apparent strategy for 
handling the massive influx of migrants on the southern border has been 
to funnel them into allegedly temporary parole programs and act like 
the Biden-Harris border crisis has been resolved. Far from it.
  There is little public data on the number of people who have actually 
been released into the United States under these programs, whether they 
are making asylum claims, or whether their claims were being evaluated 
in any way before they are being released, or whether they ever leave 
the country or remain indefinitely.
  The administration has gone to great lengths to hide the ball when it 
comes to levels of illegal immigration. But the American people deserve 
to know exactly how many migrants are being released into the country 
and exactly on what terms.
  That is why I led the Southern Border Transparency Act, which would 
shine a bright light on the catch-and-release policies of the 
administration by requiring the Department of Homeland Security to 
fully report on how it handles migrants encountered at the southern 
border.
  This is the most basic of transparency measures--just the facts, that 
is all we are looking for. And anyone who supports securing the 
southern border can support this legislation.
  I appreciate Senator Grassley's leadership on this issue, and I hope 
the Senate can advance this bill today.
  Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent 
that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further 
consideration of S. 3187 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate 
consideration.
  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so 
ordered.
  The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (S. 3187) to require the Department of Homeland 
     Security to publish various publications and reports 
     regarding the number of aliens seeking entry along the 
     southern border of the United States.

  There being no objection, the committee was discharged, and the 
Senate proceeded to consider the bill.
  Mr. CORNYN. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read 
a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made 
and laid upon the table.
  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so 
ordered.
  The bill (S. 3187) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, 
was read the third time, and passed as follows:

[[Page S6086]]

  


                                S. 3187

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Southern Border Transparency 
     Act of 2023''.

     SEC. 2. MONTHLY PUBLICATION OF PAROLE AT PORTS OF ENTRY.

       Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of 
     this Act, and monthly thereafter, the Commissioner of U.S. 
     Customs and Border Protection shall publish on the U.S. 
     Customs and Border Protection website, with respect to the 
     applicable reporting period--
       (1) the number of aliens granted parole under section 
     212(d)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 
     1182(d)(5)) at each United States port of entry;
       (2) the number of aliens encountered between land ports of 
     entry who were subsequently granted parole, disaggregated by 
     the U.S. Border Patrol sector;
       (3) the citizenship or nationality of the aliens described 
     in paragraphs (1) and (2); and
       (4) the demographic category of the aliens described in 
     paragraphs (1) and (2), including--
       (A) accompanied minors;
       (B) aliens granted parole as part of a family unit;
       (C) single adults; and
       (D) unaccompanied alien children.

     SEC. 3. QUARTERLY REPORT ON PROCESSING ALIENS AT SOUTHERN 
                   BORDER PORTS OF ENTRY.

       (a) In General.--Not later than 30 days after the date of 
     the enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter, the 
     Secretary of Homeland Security shall--
       (1) submit a report containing the information described in 
     subsection (b) to--
       (A) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate;
       (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs of the Senate;
       (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of 
     Representatives; and
       (D) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of 
     Representatives; and
       (2) post such report on the Department of Homeland Security 
     website.
       (b) Contents.--The report required under subsection (a) 
     shall include, with respect to the applicable reporting 
     period--
       (1) the number of aliens apprehended or otherwise 
     encountered--
       (A) at each port of entry along the southern border of the 
     United States; and
       (B) within each U.S. Border Patrol sector along the 
     southern border of the United States;
       (2) the number of aliens described in paragraph (1), 
     disaggregated by--
       (A) citizenship or nationality;
       (B) demographic categories, including accompanied minors, 
     aliens granted parole as part of a family unit, single 
     adults, and unaccompanied alien children;
       (C) those who were granted voluntary departure;
       (D) those who were placed into expedited removal 
     proceedings; and
       (E) those who entered into a process or outcome not 
     described in subparagraph (C) or (D), including a description 
     of such process or outcome;
       (3) the number of aliens described in paragraph (2)(D), 
     disaggregated by the number of such aliens who received a 
     credible fear screening interview pursuant to section 
     235(b)(1)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 
     1225(b)(1)(B)) or a reasonable fear screening interview;
       (4) the number of aliens described in paragraph (3), 
     disaggregated by--
       (A) the number of aliens determined to have a credible fear 
     of persecution or a reasonable fear of persecution; and
       (B) the number of aliens determined not to have a credible 
     fear of persecution or a reasonable fear of persecution;
       (5) the number of aliens described in paragraph (4)(A), 
     disaggregated by the number of aliens detained pursuant to 
     section 235(b)(1)(B)(iii)(IV) of the Immigration and 
     Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(1)(B)(iii)(IV));
       (6) the number of aliens described in paragraph (4)(B), 
     disaggregated by--
       (A) those who were removed from the United States;
       (B) those who were detained pending removal; and
       (C) those who are not described in subparagraph (A) or (B); 
     and
       (7) a description of any actions taken against the aliens 
     described in paragraph (6)(C).

     SEC. 4. QUARTERLY REPORT ON PAROLE REQUESTS PROCESSED BY U.S. 
                   CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES.

       Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of 
     this Act, and quarterly thereafter, the Director of U.S. 
     Citizenship and Immigration Services shall publish, on the 
     U.S. Citizenship and Immigrations Services website--
       (1) the number of petitions for parole submitted to U.S. 
     Citizenship and Immigration Services pursuant to section 
     212(d)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 
     1182(d)(5)); and
        (2) the number of such petitions that were granted by U.S. 
     Citizenship and Immigration Services, disaggregated by the 
     nationality of the petitioner.

     SEC. 5. ANNUAL REPORT ON ALIENS PAROLED INTO THE UNITED 
                   STATES.

       Section 602(b) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and 
     Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1182 note) is 
     amended to read as follows:
       ``(b) Annual Report to Congress.--
       ``(1) In general.--Not later than 90 days after the end of 
     each fiscal year, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall 
     submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
     Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
     House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland 
     Security of the House of Representatives that identifies the 
     number of aliens paroled into the United States pursuant to 
     section 212(d)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 
     U.S.C. 1182(d)(5)), disaggregated by those who are--
       ``(A) of a particular nationality;
       ``(B) single adults;
       ``(C) traveling in a family group;
       ``(D) children accompanied by an adult family member; or
       ``(E) unaccompanied alien minors.
       ``(2) Contents.--Each report required under paragraph (1) 
     shall include--
       ``(A) the total number of aliens paroled into the United 
     States during the fiscal year immediately preceding the 
     fiscal year in which such report is submitted, disaggregated 
     by--
       ``(i) citizenship or nationality; and
       ``(ii) demographic categories, including accompanied 
     minors, aliens granted parole as part of a family unit, 
     single adults, and unaccompanied alien children;
       ``(B) for each fiscal year for which the Department of 
     Homeland Security reports the information described in 
     subparagraph (A) regarding aliens described in such 
     subparagraph--
       ``(i) the number of such aliens who were granted employment 
     authorization;
       ``(ii) the number of aliens described in clause (i) who had 
     valid employment authorization at the end of the previous 
     fiscal year;
       ``(iii) the number of such aliens whose parole has not 
     ended, including those who exited the United States during 
     the previous fiscal year;
       ``(iv) the number of such aliens whose status was adjusted, 
     disaggregated by status type;
       ``(v) the number of such aliens for whom parole was 
     extended, including those who exited the United States;
       ``(vi) the number of such aliens for whom the duration of 
     parole expired, including those who exited the United States; 
     and
       ``(vii) the number of aliens who returned to Department of 
     Homeland Security custody from which they were paroled, 
     disaggregated by the categories listed in subparagraphs (A) 
     through (E) of paragraph (1).''.

                          ____________________








[Page S6086]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                     EXECUTIVE CALENDAR--Continued

  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Iowa.








[Pages S6086-S6090]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                       Unanimous Consent Requests

  Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, in the Biden-Harris America, children 
disappear every day. You won't see their faces on any milk cartons. 
Search parties aren't sent for them, and the AMBER alert almost never 
sounds.
  According to the Justice Department's filings, some of these children 
reappear years later in emergency departments with injuries from 
physical or sexual abuse. Others resurface as underaged laborers 
working jobs that most adults won't even take, and many are never heard 
from again.
  These forgotten children are overlooked because they are 
unaccompanied migrant children. These are the children who crossed into 
the United States without their families--without their moms or dads.
  By February 2023, the New York Times reported the Biden-Harris 
administration could not reach 85,000 of the unaccompanied migrant 
children that had entered the United States since 2021.
  Then, in August of 2024, the Department of Homeland Security Office 
of Inspector General found the government failed to enroll 291,000 of 
these children in immigration proceedings over the last 5 years. Of 
those that were enrolled, 32,000 never showed up to the court. Many of 
them are missing.
  Government employees working directly with these kids began to sound 
the alarm. The Biden-Harris administration responded by quietly, very 
quietly, suppressing attempts to save these missing children in order 
to avoid a politically inconvenient narrative. And the very same 
Democrats and members of the media who had actually decried Trump-era 
immigration policies stayed silent. The media didn't do their job of 
properly pointing out wrongs, except when you have a Republican 
President.
  At least one whistleblower was actually walked offsite at a shelter 
for

[[Page S6087]]

these children for reporting that children were in danger to law 
enforcement. Other whistleblowers told my office they were denied 
access to records that might have raised concerns about children being 
trafficked.
  The most consistent whistleblower complaint that I received was that 
law enforcement was not given the information needed to save missing 
children.
  Desperate to find these kids, at least one Homeland Security agent 
asked a whistleblower to establish information-sharing channels on 
imperiled children because there was no formal channel in place for 
this information to be shared.
  Now, we all know that denying law enforcement access to this 
lifesaving information was part of the Biden-Harris immigration plan. 
Three months into their term, the Biden-Harris administration tore up 
information sharing, an agreement between Homeland Security 
Investigations and the officials responsible for running the 
Unaccompanied Children Program.
  They replaced that agreement with a watered-down agreement that 
deleted provisions requiring sponsors to be vetted and run through 
certain law enforcement checks before receiving custody of a child.
  Today, law enforcement has significantly less involvement in vetting 
sponsors, even if the sponsor is a complete stranger to the child. Now, 
this is not family reunification, as the Biden administration wants the 
entire country to believe.
  According to government statistics, between October 2021 and 
September 2022, over 18,000 children were given to distant relatives or 
unrelated adults.
  Now, turning over custody of a child is one of the most consequential 
actions a caseworker can ever take. From there on out, every decision 
made for the child belongs to the sponsor--financial, housing, medical, 
you name it, the sponsor is in control of their decisions.
  I can't imagine having every decision critical to my survival turned 
over to a complete stranger who the government hasn't even fully 
vetted, but child safety wasn't this administration's priority.
  Now, thanks to whistleblowers, we have been provided records and 
disclosures that were so bad I had to refer the information to law 
enforcement way back in January to try and rescue kids. But given the 
poor vetting, it is much harder to find those same kids.
  As illegal border crossings surged, pressure mounted from the top of 
the bureaucracy to process kids faster, to avoid accusations of ``kids 
in cages.'' During a conference call, Secretary Becerra of HHS 
admonished his employees that they weren't moving kids out to sponsors 
fast enough.
  That is the environment that I am talking about--getting things done 
quickly so you can't be politically criticized like Trump was 
criticized.
  Secretary Becerra said:

       This is not the way you do an assembly line.

  Program operators knew this politically motivated rush could have 
dangerous consequences, but they proceeded anyway. One official said 
the quiet part out loud to a whistleblower trying to intervene to 
protect endangered kids. She was told:

       We only get sued if we keep kids in care [of the 
     government] too long. We don't get sued by traffickers.

  Now, can you believe that approach to protecting kids? The Biden 
administration has published wave after wave of field guidance meant to 
push kids to sponsors faster and cover up the consequences of this 
haste.
  They removed fingerprint requirements for sponsors claiming to be 
parents or legal guardians, even without sufficient verification; 
simply this, just ``I am who I say I am.''
  They released kids to sponsors before background checks had been 
completed. They denied law enforcement access to photographs of 
children.
  Now, during a Senate Finance hearing, Senator Cornyn asked Secretary 
Becerra who the Biden-Harris administration believes is responsible for 
making sure that these children aren't being trafficked. Secretary 
Becerra said it is ``the communities where they enter,'' so just some 
community, anyplace in the United States, to be responsible, to make 
sure that these children are treated and not being trafficked.
  I am not sure if the Biden-Harris administration ever stopped to 
wonder how local law enforcement looks after a child when this 
administration won't even give them a photograph of an endangered 
child.
  I am told that law enforcement can't.
  What resulted from this administration's disastrous policies almost 
inevitably was the systematic abuse and disappearance of migrant 
children. Whistleblowers fought in vain to prevent children from going 
to men who sexualized them, MS-13 gang-affiliated sponsors, and also 
sponsors who were mass applying for kids. We had an example where one 
address someplace, some city in this country, was used to get massive 
numbers of kids under that address. Just hearing that ought to scare 
anyone.
  One whistleblower told my office they called a sponsor, only to hear 
a child's agonizing screams before the line then was quickly 
disconnected. Whistleblowers testified on all this in heartbreaking 
detail at an oversight roundtable that I led on this topic just this 
year in July.
  I have lost count of the number of reports and letters sent by 
Congress to the unaccompanied migrant children's program actually 
sounding alarms that have gone unheeded, even ignored. Each highlighted 
program vulnerabilities, and there are plenty of those vulnerabilities. 
Each made recommendations that could have saved lives.
  Now, I have been involved in this in a bipartisan way for a long 
period of time. My decade of bipartisan oversight has revealed an 
unaccompanied migrant children program in which abuse and misconduct 
have become routine and tolerated.
  For example, in 2021, Oregon Democratic Senator Wyden and I warned of 
the rampant sexual abuse of unaccompanied migrant children in the care 
of contractors, especially Southwest Key. Now, remember that 
contractor's name is Southwest Key--not a very good place to put kids. 
The Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General also 
identified issues with Southwest Key's self-dealing and compensation.
  Now, as part of my ongoing investigation, for months I have requested 
from Southwest Key and other contractors and grantees basic information 
on their care of unaccompanied children, including whether these 
contractors performed background checks of their employees before they 
had access to these kids. Southwest Key has failed to fully respond to 
this inquiry, actually thumbing their nose at the U.S. Congress. Still 
the government kept giving Southwest Key contracts to care for these 
unaccompanied minor kids.
  What followed all these contracts? Do we know that the kids are safe 
or not safe? Well, a recent Justice Department lawsuit alleges ``a 
pattern or practice of severe or pervasive sexual harassment of 
children in Southwest Key's care.'' So just think, this Justice 
Department has said that with this contractor, there is pervasive 
sexual harassment of children in their care. So we have to ask 
ourselves, if we are humanitarians, how many more children have to 
endure abuse before Congress finally says enough is enough? I say it 
shouldn't be even one more.
  I am offering a bill, then--that is why I am here--that denies future 
contracts to bad actors who have been identified by the Justice 
Department as abusing unaccompanied migrant children. After applying 
due process, those government contracts would cease until the Justice 
Department certifies that the conditions leading to the abuse--that 
those conditions are taken care of, they are over.
  I think this is a very commonsense solution that no politician, no 
Member of the Senate, Republican or Democrat, should stand against.
  So I now make a request, Mr. President. As if in legislative session, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate 
consideration of S. 5073, which is at the desk; further, that the bill 
be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to 
reconsider be considered made and laid on the table.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Kelly). Is there objection?
  The Senator from Oregon.
  Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I reserve the right to object. I will 
share a few of my thoughts on this, but first I wanted to note that my 
colleague from Iowa is celebrating his birthday today. So a very happy 
birthday to you.

[[Page S6088]]

  

  Mr. GRASSLEY. Thank you.
  Mr. MERKLEY. And I understand it is his 91st; is that correct?
  We should all want to be able to engage in public policy and public 
debate and dialogue when we have reached the start of our 10th decade, 
so congratulations to you.
  Mr. GRASSLEY. It is kind of you to say that. Thank you.
  Mr. MERKLEY. This topic that you have brought up today is one that I 
have had deep engagement in because I share your concerns about these 
congregate care facilities.
  Back in 2018, I was the first Member of the House or Senate to go 
down to the border and to witness the separation of children from their 
parents and then to go up the road to knock on the door of Casa de 
Padre, which was run by Southwest Key, where I had heard a rumor that 
perhaps a thousand boys were being warehoused. When I knocked on the 
door, they didn't want to let me in to see what was going on, so we did 
a live stream feed of the conversation. I was trying to get the manager 
to come out and brief me, and the manager said, yes, he would be out, 
but actually what he did was he called the police to have me arrested.
  The police didn't arrest me, but they did tell me that Casa de Padre, 
run by this organization, Southwest Key, had no interest in letting a 
Member of Congress come inside, a Member of the Senate come inside; 
move on. But because this was live-streamed, it became national news. 
As a result of that, the press got in the following weekend, and I was 
able to go back with a group of legislators 2 weeks later.
  So I very much understand the challenge in the congregate care system 
and undertook a deep dive with experts across the country on, how do we 
address this problem? The long and short of it is, those experts all 
came together, and they helped draft a bill called the Children's Safe 
Welcome Act, because the issues that exist at Southwest Key are not 
unique to Southwest Key. In fact, we have had really deep challenges in 
one congregate care facility after another. Putting children into 
large, mass settings just does not at all provide a foundation for them 
to thrive.
  I will just note that this policy brief--and I ask unanimous consent 
that the policy brief by the Women's Refugee Commission be printed in 
the Record.
  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in 
the Record, as follows:

                [Women's Refugee Commission, Aug. 2023]

 Decreasing ORR's Dependence on Congregate Care: Four Recommendations 
                              for Progress


                              POLICY BRIEF

       Since its inception, the Unaccompanied Children Program 
     under the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) has relied on 
     congregate care for its custody of unaccompanied children. 
     Congregate care is a catch-all term for group homes and 
     larger institutions that care for many children away from 
     families (see below for more details). Over the past decade, 
     while the domestic child-welfare system has drastically 
     reduced the use of mass congregate settings and emphasized 
     kinship settings and family-like placements that are better 
     for children's well-being, ORR has increased its reliance on 
     large settings. For example, as of 2019 more than 90 percent 
     of unaccompanied migrant children have been held in 
     facilities with more than 50 beds, despite evidence that 
     congregate care risks harming children's long-term mental 
     health. Experts concur that ``any amount of time that a young 
     person spends in an institutional placement is too long.'' 
     Children averaged 30 days in ORR care in fiscal year 2022, 
     while the length of stay was considerably longer for children 
     placed in more restrictive settings.
       It is critical that ORR engage in a long-term effort to 
     move away from congregate care and toward more appropriate 
     practices of community-based programs or family-like foster 
     care placements. Until this happens, a critical step to 
     limiting congregate care includes safe reductions of length 
     of stay. Any guiding vision should include community-based 
     programs that offer a high quality of care, minimal time away 
     from family, and reunifications to safe, stable homes.
       Based upon ongoing research that the Women's Refugee 
     Commission conducted with current and former staff at 
     congregate care facilities, post-release service providers, 
     attorneys, and child advocates across the United States, this 
     policy brief details concrete steps toward minimizing the use 
     of congregate care for unaccompanied children. The brief also 
     identifies four ways to enlist culturally sensitive, 
     evidence-based, and trauma-informed approaches in working 
     with young people within and beyond current ORR facilities. 
     They are: (1) adopting geolocation in children's initial 
     placements (i.e., placing children in a facility close to 
     their family or sponsor); (2) building a pipeline of 
     community-based care providers; (3) improving language access 
     for non-Spanish-speaking children in custody; and (4) 
     enhancing post-release services. Taken together, these 
     efforts are critical to reducing ORR's reliance on congregate 
     care, limiting children's length of stay in federal custody, 
     and ensuring their safety following release.
     What is congregate care?
       Although congregate care is defined by the Department of 
     Health and Human Services to include group homes with custody 
     of as few as 7-12 children, in the ORR context, congregate 
     care typically refers to ``a licensed or approved child care 
     facility operated by a public or private agency and providing 
     24-hour care and/or treatment typically for 12 or more 
     children who require separation from their own homes or a 
     group living experience.''
       ORR continues to rely predominantly on a network of very 
     large facilities--50 beds or more--despite a precipitous 
     shift away from institutional-based care for children 
     nationally. ORR has a greater percentage of congregate care 
     facilities in its provider network than states generally 
     permit for domestic child-welfare placements. Similarly, 
     ORR's congregate care facilities are larger than their 
     counterparts in the domestic child-welfare systems. In 2021 
     and 2022, tens of thousands of unaccompanied children were 
     held in emergency intake sites (EISs) and influx care 
     facilities (ICFs) in converted convention centers, stadiums, 
     and military bases. Ranging from 1,000 to 5,000 beds, EISs 
     and ICFs are unlicensed by state child welfare authorities 
     and not bound by conditions stipulated by the Flores 
     Settlement Agreement.
       Interviews with ORR stakeholders, including child 
     psychologists, social workers, and family reunification 
     specialists in ORR facilities, underscore the potential and 
     actual harm that congregate care facilities can cause for 
     children. Interviewees reported limited outdoor activity, 
     restricted contact with parents and caregivers, and 
     discriminatory treatment of LGBTQI+, Indigenous, and West 
     African youth. Stakeholders described children simultaneously 
     struggling to cope with the uncertainty of family 
     reunification, procedural opacity, ongoing legal proceedings, 
     and the possibility of deportation. Taken together, our 
     research concludes that children should be reunified with 
     family or sponsors as quickly as possible, while ensuring 
     their safety and adequate support following release.


   RECOMMENDATIONS FOR LIMITING CONGREGATE CARE AND BOLSTERING POST-
                            RELEASE SERVICES

     1. In initial placement decisions, geolocation is a best 
         practice.
       Stakeholders agreed unanimously that geolocation is a best 
     practice and should be adopted as ORR policy. That is, when a 
     child is transferred from U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
     (CBP) to ORR custody, efforts should be made to place them in 
     an ORR facility in the geographical area where the child's 
     family (specifically, a Category 1 or Category 2 sponsor) is 
     located. For children who may not know where family members 
     live, the potential sponsor's area code can serve as a proxy, 
     given that most children arrive with a family member's phone 
     number.
       Interviewees contended that geolocation is advantageous for 
     several reasons. First, placement close to family facilitates 
     communication with and support of the sponsor in completing 
     the requisite paperwork, which can be cumbersome. 
     Interviewees working with children in ORR custody believed 
     that, in general, children are released sooner when placed 
     near their parent or family member. Second, visitation with 
     potential sponsors can reduce the stress of children who 
     spend protracted time in ORR custody. This is especially 
     applicable for children who are reunifying with parents or 
     family members after prolonged separations. Third, family 
     reunification specialists reported that observing the child 
     with the potential sponsor can identify or alleviate safety 
     concerns; if needed, specialists can more quickly turn to a 
     more appropriate sponsor or placement. Fourth, geolocation 
     allows legal service providers who have already prescreened 
     children while in ORR custody to continue to provide legal 
     representation following release. This additionally 
     alleviates the considerable financial and logistical burden 
     on children to find legal representation in a new location. 
     Fifth, geolocation can aid with warm handoffs to area social 
     service providers who provide key resources, such as 
     information about state laws for securing health insurance 
     and assistance with school enrollment. Lastly, geolocating 
     children close to family members relieves travel costs for 
     ORR and logistical burdens of transportation arrangements for 
     facility staff.
     2. ORR must build a pipeline of community-based care 
         providers.
       The ultimate goal of ending congregate care, including 
     large-scale facilities, for unaccompanied children will not 
     happen overnight. Despite repeated directives from Congress, 
     ORR has failed to take adequate meaningful steps necessary to 
     limit its reliance on congregate care. ORR must proactively 
     invest in long-term, community-based programs for 
     unaccompanied children. This includes launching a series of 
     pilot programs that are culturally sensitive, evidence

[[Page S6089]]

     based, and trauma informed. Over the long run, these 
     community-based placements will prove cost-affective when 
     compared to the daily cost of $775 per bed in influx 
     facilities and $290 per bed in shelters and the nearly 
     $4.79 billion spent on emergency influx and intake 
     facilities.
       Networks of community-based care exist in the domestic 
     child welfare system. including community-based placements, 
     small group homes, and foster care. These programs provide 
     trauma-focused, intensive care for children and youth in 
     home-like environments that facilitate their healthy 
     development. Children attend local schools and are integrated 
     into the community. To establish a pipeline of providers, the 
     Administration for Children and Families (ACF) and ORR 
     should:
       provide technical training assistance to community-based 
     organizations to navigate federal funding applications, 
     operational requirements, and reporting;
       engage outside child welfare experts, subject matter 
     experts, and impacted community members to conduct site 
     visits and provide consultation and recommendations to 
     community-based organizations;
       create a public plan to transition to 100 percent small-
     scale facilities with attention to the known challenges 
     across contracting and grant-making, staffing limitations, 
     availability, outreach, recruitment of potential providers, 
     program officer oversight, and organizational reporting;
       improve handoffs to community service providers in areas 
     where unaccompanied children reunite with family; and
       prescreen sites and secure contracts of a variety of models 
     of care in advance, rather than identifying out-of-network 
     placements on a case- by-case basis.
     3. Rectify problems of children's language access in care.
       ORR and its subcontractors are required by law ``to take 
     reasonable steps to provide meaningful access'' to 
     interpretation. According to interviewees, however, 
     children's rights to use their primary language and their 
     access to interpreters are regularly sidestepped within ORR 
     facilities. The primarily affected children are Indigenous 
     children from Central America who are presumed to speak 
     Spanish, but whose primary languages are often Indigenous 
     languages. When asked why language lines are not used, 
     facility staff described the inconvenience of scheduling 
     telephonic interpreters when they can ``get by'' in Spanish, 
     that interpretation prolongs meetings with children amid high 
     caseloads, and a lack of awareness of children's language 
     rights due to high staff turnover within facilities. Further, 
     several respondents reported that children are dissuaded from 
     using their native language with other children, and are even 
     separated to different pods or during activities to ensure 
     that staff can understand the conversations. According to 
     researchers, the deliberate separation of children from the 
     same linguistic communities is a form of linguistic racism. 
     Legal advocates said that children are misidentified as 
     potentially trafficked and, conversely, not flagged as 
     trafficked or vulnerable to trafficking because of mistakes 
     in the intake and family reunification processes when an 
     interpreter is not used.
       Language-proficiency problems negatively impact the quality 
     of children's care in ORR custody and likely lengthen the 
     time that children spend apart from their families. ORR 
     should expressly prohibit practices that prevent children 
     from using their chosen language; incorporate training 
     guidance for facility staff; provide translated signage in 
     all facilities of many of the dominant languages of children 
     in their custody; and provide regular monitoring that 
     facilities are complying with children's consistent and 
     meaningful access to interpretation. In addition, at time of 
     intake, ORR should direct facility staff to ask children 
     their first language and to use language access lines when 
     completing all required intakes. For children, the use of 
     their own language relieves stress, provides cultural 
     familiarity, and enhances communication. While more time and 
     cost intensive, the use of interpretation ensures greater 
     accuracy of information and safety of the child's eventual 
     placement.
     4. Provide localized, wrap-around services for unaccompanied 
         children released to a non-relative sponsor.
       Post-release services (PRS) are contracted, social-service 
     support provided to children following their release from ORR 
     custody. PRS currently operate via bridging and referral 
     programming in which a PRS worker connects the child and 
     sponsor to critical mental health, medical, legal, and 
     educational resources in their local community via a series 
     of phone calls, mailings. or emails. Depending on the need, 
     in-person visits are conducted. Stakeholders interviewed for 
     this study, including PRS providers, affirmed the importance 
     of localized services for children following release from ORR 
     custody and called for expanded, in-person services for all 
     children.
       One stakeholder explained how teenagers are commonly 
     prohibited from enrolling in public schools despite their 
     legal right to attend school: ``They need someone 
     knowledgeable about the US to accompany and advocate for them 
     when school administrators are unlawfully turning them 
     away.'' Others emphasized that PRS should be provided by 
     local service providers who are knowledgeable of the nuances 
     of state law and educational practices that may obstruct 
     school enrollment, and who have up-to-date information 
     regarding service availability. One stakeholder explained, 
     ``The flyers provided are out of date or organizations on the 
     forms are maxed out; kids really need people who have 
     relationships with a community of providers.'' As one PRS 
     provider stated, ``They need accompaniment, not more 
     flyers.''
       One challenge is that current PRS schemes are insufficient 
     to meet the diverse needs of unaccompanied children. An ideal 
     approach is to align PRS to a localized, wrap-around service 
     model. Interviewees emphasized, however, that PRS should 
     never be used to delay the reunification of a child and 
     sponsor and that families should continue to be allowed to 
     decline the services.
       Given renewed concerns about the labor exploitation of 
     unaccompanied children, ORR should:
       offer PRS to all children released to a non-relative 
     sponsor (``category 3'' sponsors);
       offer PRS if requested by the child, family, or sponsor;
       include an immediate, individualized needs assessment for 
     child, sponsor, and family (as relevant) following release in 
     all levels of PRS;
       ensure that PRS needs assessments result in local. in-
     person social-service brokerage rather than remote referrals; 
     and
       eliminate the PRS backlog--which, at the time of writing, 
     stands at well over 10,000 cases--with a goal that PRS 
     appointments be in place when reunification occurs.
       In contrast to traditional PRS services, which are service 
     driven and problem based, wrap-around services enlist a 
     strengths-based, needs-driven approach that builds on 
     individual and family strengths. Wrap-around services are 
     evidence-based, culturally responsive accompaniment practices 
     that promote child and family involvement in setting goals to 
     ensure children's well-being. These services are also more 
     effective in ensuring children are safe given the close and 
     trusting relationship children have with their care team. 
     Engaging in local, community-based partnerships to provide 
     wrap-around services simultaneously will strengthen ORR's 
     network for placing children in the least restrictive 
     environment and move the US toward ending congregate care for 
     all children.
       This policy brief was written by Lauren Heidbrink, PhD, 
     associate professor of human development at California State 
     University, Long Beach, and consultant for the Women's 
     Refugee Commission. It was reviewed and edited by Katharina 
     Obser, Mario Bruzzone, Dale Buscher, Joanna Kuebler, and 
     Diana Quick of the Women's Refugee Commission.
       For more information. contact Mario Bruzzone.
     Women's Refugee Commission
       The Women's Refugee Commission (WRC) improves the lives and 
     protects the rights of women, children, and youth who have 
     been displaced by conflict and crisis. We research their 
     needs, identify solutions, and advocate for programs and 
     policies to strengthen their resilience and drive change in 
     humanitarian practice. Since our founding in 1989, we have 
     been a leading expert on the needs of refugee women, 
     children, and youth and the policies that can protect and 
     empower them. womensrefugeecommission.org.

  Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, it is called ``Decreasing OOR's 
Dependence on Congregate Care: Four Recommendations of Progress,'' 
written by the Women's Refugee Commission. But I assure you, this 
document is not alone. There is commission after commission, expert 
after expert who has weighed in to say that we have to eliminate these 
congregate care facilities, which is exactly what the Children's Safe 
Welcome Act does.
  You know, these are children who are going through the process of 
claiming refugee status, and they are going to go through an 
adjudication of that status, and they are either going to be able to 
stay in the United States--and that is eventually adjudicated--or they 
are going to be sent back home.
  If they are going to stay in the United States, we want a strong 
foundation for them to thrive as residents of our Nation. If they go 
back home, we want a strong foundation for them to thrive back home in 
the country they left.
  In either case, we have a moral responsibility to these children. 
That moral responsibility compels us to eliminate these congregate care 
facilities that are not the right setting. Children should be quickly 
sent to small settings, to homes. They should be in school. They should 
be with host families. When there isn't a host family that is related, 
they should be with a host family that is providing a foundation for 
them. They shouldn't be in a mass congregate care facility--the name 
sounds much nicer than the reality.
  So I am not going to take the time tonight to go through all of these 
various reports on how bad congregate care is for the children because 
I think

[[Page S6090]]

you have already touched on how bad it is with one provider. But 
shutting down one provider and sending them to other congregate care 
facilities now means the system is maxed out, which means the children 
coming in not only go to the remaining beds in a system that is maxed 
out, it also means that now we have to create temporary influx 
facilities, which are far worse than congregate care.
  So this plan I know is so well-intentioned, and I certainly share the 
criticisms of the particular company you are addressing, but this is 
not the right answer. The right answer isn't to max out congregate care 
and create temporary influx facilities that are even worse; the answer 
is to get rid of these congregate care facilities and do what report 
after report, recommendation after recommendation has said will provide 
a foundation for these children to do well.
  The National Center for Youth Law said that these influx facilities 
that would have to be created ``placed children's safety and welfare at 
risk.''
  The Customs and Border Patrol facilities, which are the other option 
if we don't create the influx facilities, are described as so dangerous 
that children have died.
  It goes on and on and on.
  So given your deep interest in this topic and, really, desire for the 
children to be well-treated, I wanted to invite you to join me in this 
structure, this bill, the Children's Safe Welcome Act. Experts have 
said this is the right thing to do for the children.
  For that reason, I will do the formal request, but the informal is, I 
know your heart is in the right place. I know you are pointing out 
flaws that are very, very real and that I have been personally 
witnessing since 2018. But the answer isn't more congregate care for 
these kids or influx facilities or Customs and Border Protection; it is 
eliminating these congregate facilities and doing what expert after 
expert, panel after panel has suggested.
  So I am following up here. I ask that you, Senator Grassley, modify 
your request and that the Merkley amendment at the desk be considered 
and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third 
time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made 
and laid upon the table.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?
  Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I would 
like to speak to this issue a little bit and point out some of the 
shortcomings of what Senator Merkley is trying to accomplish by 
amending my motion.
  I see this amendment merely cementing into place the Biden-Harris 
policy that lost more than 85,000 migrant children. Can you believe 
that? If there was any question whether Democrats prioritize speed over 
safety when it comes to pushing migrant kids out the door, this 
partisan amendment lays that question to rest.
  I think I made very clear, in giving reasons for my legislation, how 
this is really a big problem. Now, the text of what Senator Merkley is 
asking me to do mandates that the government make a placement 
determination for a child not later than 7 days after the government 
receives a sponsored application. Fingerprint-based background checks 
aren't required. And even the criminal record of a sponsor isn't 
necessarily disqualified.
  Now, a question: What if a sponsor has no preexisting relationship to 
the child? Think of that. Well, that is not a problem for this 
proposal. The fact that a sponsor has no preexisting relationship to a 
child cannot be the sole basis for denying sponsorship under this 
Democrat-led solution.
  This amendment just willy-nilly turns over children to sponsors who 
foot-drag on providing the documents needed to verify sponsor identity 
and safety. I can't imagine a loving parent or guardian slow rolling 
the paperwork needed to reunite with their child.
  To most folks, that would be a very clear red flag, but not to 
Democrats. For them, it is just an administrative inconvenience.
  So just understand, this Democratic solution allows the government to 
release children to sponsors even if there is a risk of harm to that 
child. According to this text, that is fine, so long as post-release 
services are in place. In fact, those are the only conditions under 
which post-release services are required according to this modification 
presented to me.
  After directing the government to make what could be life-or-death 
decisions for a child on virtually no information, the bill restricts 
the ability to share lifesaving information with law enforcement.
  Let's go back to what I laid down. I came to the floor tonight to 
offer a commonsense solution to deny bad actors access to kids. My bill 
would put contractors on notice that they can't willfully blind 
themselves to child abuse in order to get rich off taxpayers' dollars. 
Democrats couldn't even take that blindness seriously.
  I encourage my colleagues to read the Justice Department's recent 
complaint against Southwest Key. I referred to the same Justice 
Department action in my opening remarks. This is what Justice found 
out, among other horrors: That complaint describes the repeated sexual 
abuse of a 5-year-old girl, the prostitution of a 15-year-old boy, and 
acts of a contractor desperate to even cover up all those wrongdoings.
  So thanks to this Democrat-led effort, Congress won't prevent 
contractors like them from getting access to more kids and more 
taxpayers' dollars.
  So, Senator Merkley, I am sorry to say that your modification doesn't 
do what I am trying to accomplish and leaves in place too much the 
status quo; so I have to object.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.
  Is there an objection to the original request?
  Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I would 
just like to note that this bill, put together by the best child 
welfare experts across the country, has in it a requirement under 
section 223 requiring background checks to be conducted for each 
resident of a foster care placement for a noncitizen child. It 
prohibits children from being placed in a home if a resident has a 
conviction for child abuse or trafficking or convicted of any offense 
that has a direct and immediate impact on the safety of a child.
  I know that these sorts of dialogues--our staff worked quickly to try 
to prepare responses. But your actual criticisms are inaccurate. And, 
indeed, what these experts say is that a child should be put in the 
least restrictive setting that approximates a family in which the 
child's needs can best be met consistent with the best interests and 
special needs of that child.
  The experts know congregate care is not the place to do that. The 
problems that exist in one mass setting are bad, but they exist in the 
other mass settings. So I do invite you--because I know you want to do 
the best for the children--to meet with the same experts who live this, 
night and day, seeking to have a system that creates a safe welcome for 
children and allows them to thrive so that when they get to that point 
of that asylum hearing, whether they head back to their home country or 
whether they become residents of the United States, they will be in a 
great place, not the sort of terrible place that congregate facilities 
put them. And, unfortunately, your approach continues to rely upon 
those very congregate facilities experts say need to be eliminated.
  So for that reason, I object.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.
  Mr. GRASSLEY. I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Louisiana.








[Pages S6090-S6091]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                     Office of Refugee Resettlement

  Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, when President Biden and Vice President 
Harris took office, we had the lowest rate of illegal immigration in 
nearly 50 years. But instead of maintaining strong border policies 
inherited from President Trump, the Biden-Harris administration rushed 
to overturn them. They ended ``Remain in Mexico,'' reimposed so-called 
catch-and-release, and exempted unaccompanied children from title 42.
  The result was predictable. The Biden-Harris open border policies 
encouraged the worst rates of illegal immigration ever, including over 
500,000 unaccompanied migrant children. In fact, the month after 
migrant children were exempted from title 42, we saw the highest 
monthly total of unaccompanied children crossing the southern border in 
history.

[[Page S6091]]

  The influx of migrant children under the Biden-Harris administration 
overwhelmed the Office of Refugee Resettlement, also abbreviated the 
ORR. This is the Agency responsible for unaccompanied children 
apprehended at the border and responsible for releasing them to 
thoroughly vetted sponsors.
  ORR responded to this influx by sending children to hastily 
constructed emergency care facilities with untrained, unvetted staff 
and poor living conditions. The Agency also removed key sponsor-vetting 
requirements after senior Biden-Harris officials directed ORR to 
expedite the process of releasing migrant children to outside sponsors.
  It is so easy to interpret this as a means to shield the White House 
from the political embarrassment of facilities overrun with 
unaccompanied children crossing the border that they had just opened.
  In fact, as early as July 21, ORR staff warned superiors that ORR 
leadership had dismantled sponsor-vetting policies and that these 
changes weakened ORR's ability to protect children from risk such as 
trafficking and exploitation. Despite this, ORR left these policies in 
place for years while hundreds of thousands of children were released 
to poorly vetted sponsors.
  You know, sometimes, it is easy to think this is partisan. Sometimes, 
it is easy to lose track as Republicans and Democrats talk about 
issues. But now, we are talking about kids--children that could be our 
children--who are being released to people who are not being vetted. It 
is easy to forget that. This is not partisan. This is something which 
should concern us all.
  As a ranking member of the Senate HELP Committee, I am investigating 
the administration's failure to protect these migrant children from 
exploitation and abuse. I have learned that some of these children were 
forced into dangerous working conditions and exploited for illegal 
labor. At one such facility currently under investigation, a child was 
pulled into a meat processing machine.
  By the way, again, we are not making this up. We have testimony from 
witnesses who speak to all of these facts. We have the whistleblowers 
who came to a roundtable. We have got the transcripts.
  I have also learned that ORR's weakening of sponsor-vetting 
requirements directly led to children being put in harm's way. And in 
one instance, ORR neglected to verify whether the sponsor's claimed 
address was even a real home, and they sent this child to an address 
nothing more than open field. In another case, a 16-year-old was 
released to a sponsor who posted sexually explicit photos of the child 
on social media, including a photo with the sponsor touching the child 
inappropriately.
  In addition to my investigation, I joined Senators Grassley and 
Johnson earlier this summer in hosting a Senate roundtable to examine 
ORR's failures and identify steps Congress could take to reform the 
Agency. We learned that due to failure at ORR, some unaccompanied 
children have been forced into drug trafficking, sex trafficking, and 
other criminal activity to pay off the cartels who brought them. All of 
this--according to whistleblowers--without followup or meaningful 
oversight from the Biden-Harris administration.
  I repeat: This is not rhetoric, not fiction. This is what we are 
hearing from whistleblowers.
  This exploitation also seemingly occurs while migrant children are 
still in ORR custody. In July, the Department of Justice filed a 
lawsuit against Southwest Key Programs, the largest ORR contractor 
housing unaccompanied children, alleging that for nearly a decade, its 
employees have committed sexual abuse and harassment against 
unaccompanied children as young as 5 years old.
  DOJ alleges that Southwest Key not only failed to take sufficient 
action to prevent sexual abuse but actively discouraged children from 
officially reporting these incidents.
  Once more, this is not rhetoric. This is as a result of 
whistleblowers. This should not be partisan.
  In August, I called on the HELP Committee chair to hold a hearing 
with Southwest Key and ORR officials to answer how these shocking 
allegations of sexual abuse went undetected for so long. So far, HELP 
Committee Democrats have not committed to a hearing or any effort to 
investigate.
  And, by the way, Southwest Key still receives hundreds of millions of 
taxpayer dollars to operate shelters for migrant kids. If ORR will not 
take action in the wake of these allegations, Congress should. That is 
why I worked with Senator Grassley on legislation that would prohibit 
the use of Federal funds for Southwest Key or any other ORR grantee 
facing suspension and debarment procedures for allowing illegal sexual 
abuse or harassment of children in its care. I appreciate Senator 
Grassley's leadership.
  The problems with ORR and the exploitation of children have been 
well-documented for years. Yet there has been no substantive effort by 
Biden or Harris to fix their open border policies--which caused these 
problems to begin with--or reform ORR to protect unaccompanied children 
from harm.
  The exploitation of children should not be partisan. This is not a 
Republican or Democratic issue. When vulnerable children are harmed or 
die at the expense of bad policies or bad procedures or bad process, 
everyone should be outraged and everyone should be demanding change.
  Unfortunately, it is clear that Republicans are taking this problem 
more seriously than Democrats.
  It is not a messaging issue. It is an issue that challenges the 
humanity within us. It is something we should address whether or not it 
is an election year.
  I wish that my Democratic colleagues would join Republicans tonight 
to pass this commonsense bill to hold ORR contractors accountable for 
the abuse and exploitation of children under their watch. We should 
protect these vulnerable children from harm as if they were our own.
  With that, I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.








[Page S6091]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   TRIBUTE TO ROBERT ``BOB'' SUNSHINE

  Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I rise to acknowledge the service of an 
extraordinary public servant who is retiring at the end of next week, 
Robert ``Bob'' Sunshine.
  Congress depends on the expertise and hard work of our valued staff 
and supporting agencies. After 48 years of exemplary service to the 
Congressional Budget Office, spanning virtually the entirety of the 
agency's existence, few staffers have done more to serve this 
institution and the American people than Bob Sunshine. As President pro 
tempore of the Senate, as well as the chair of the Appropriations 
Committee and former chair of the Budget Committee, I thank and commend 
Bob for his many decades of excellent public service to CBO and the 
Congress and wish him and his family all the best in his much-deserved 
retirement.
  I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Bob for his dedication and 
service to us and the American people.

                          ____________________








[Page S6091]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          LEGISLATIVE SESSION

                                 ______
                                 

                            MORNING BUSINESS

  Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business, 
with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Page S6091]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                        Cloture Motion Withdrawn

  Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the cloture 
motion with respect to the Pennell nomination be withdrawn.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6091-S6092]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        ARMS SALES NOTIFICATIONS

  Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control 
Act requires that Congress receive prior notification of certain 
proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, 
the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be 
reviewed. The provision stipulates that, in the Senate, the 
notification of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the 
Senate Foreign Relations Committee.

[[Page S6092]]

  In keeping with the committee's intention to see that relevant 
information is still available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the Record the notifications that have been 
received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such 
an annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign 
Relations Committee, room SD-423.
  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in 
the Record, as follows:

                                                  Defense Security


                                           Cooperation Agency,

                                                   Washington, DC.
     Hon. Benjamin L. Cardin,
     Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations,
     U.S. Senate, Washington, DC.
       Dear Mr. Chairman: Pursuant to the reporting requirements 
     of Section 36(b)(5)(A) of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA), 
     as amended, we are forwarding Transmittal No. 0N-23. This 
     notification relates to enhancements or upgrades from the 
     level of sensitivity of technology or capability described in 
     the Section 36(b)(1) AECA certification 22-11 of May 26, 
     2022.
           Sincerely,
                                                Michael F. Miller,
                                                         Director.
       Enclosure.


                         Transmittal No. 0N-23

     Report of Enhancement or Upgrade of Sensitivity of Technology 
         or Capability (Sec. 36(b)(5)(A), AECA)
       (i) Purchaser: Government of Egypt.
       (ii) Sec. 36(b)(1), AECA Transmittal No.: 22-11; Date: May 
     26, 2022; Military Department: Army.
       Funding Source: Foreign Military Financing (FMF).
       (iii) Description: On May 26, 2022, Congress was notified 
     by Congressional certification transmittal number 22-11, of 
     the possible sale under Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export 
     Control Act of twenty-three (23) CH-47F Chinook Helicopters; 
     fifty-six (56) T-55-GA-714A Engines (46 installed, 10 
     spares); fifty-two (52) Embedded Global Positioning System 
     (GPS) Inertial Navigation Systems (INS) (EGI) (46 installed, 
     6 spares); twenty-nine (29) AN/AAR-57 Common Missile Warning 
     Systems (CMWS) (23 installed, 6 spares); and seventy-five 
     (75) M-240 Machine Guns (69 installed, 6 spares). Also 
     included was Common Missile Warning System (CMWS) classified 
     software; AN/APR-39 Radar Warning Receivers (RWR); AN/AVR-2B 
     Laser Detecting Sets (LDS); High Frequency (HF) radios; 
     Aircraft Survivability Equipment (ASE) (including 25.4mm 
     decoy cartridges, impulse cartridges for cable cutters and 
     aircraft cartridges); AN/ARN-147 Very High Frequency (VHF) 
     Omni Directional Radio Range/Instrument Landing System (VOR/
     ILS) receivers; AN/ARN-153 Tactical Airborne Navigation 
     System (TACAN) radios; AN/APN-209 radar altimeters; AN/AVS-6 
     Night Vision Devices (NVD); 7.62mm ammunition; items and 
     services to support the mission equipment; hardware and 
     services required to implement additional aircraft options 
     such as: rescue hoists; external cargo slings and nets; Bambi 
     fire buckets; Fast Rope Insertion Extraction Systems (FRIES); 
     Cargo On/Off Loading Systems (COOLS); Extended Range Fuel 
     Systems (ERFS); upgrade to the maintenance hangar and 
     additional parking pads; special tools and test equipment; 
     ground support equipment; airframe and engine spare parts; 
     technical data; publications; Maintenance Work Orders/
     Engineering Change Proposals (MWO/ECPs); technical 
     assistance; transportation; training; and other related 
     elements of logistics and program support. The total 
     estimated program cost was $2.6 billion. Major Defense 
     Equipment (MDE) constituted $1.725 billion of this total.
       This transmittal notifies the following MDE articles that 
     were previously reported as non-MDE: eighty-one (81) AN/ARC-
     231A (RT-1987) radios. This transmittal also reports 
     replacing the previously notified fifty-two (52) Embedded 
     Global Positioning System (GPS) Inertial Navigation Systems 
     (INS) (EGI) (46 installed, 6 spares) with fifty-two (52) 
     Embedded Global Positioning System (GPS) Inertial Navigation 
     Systems (INS) (EGI) with M-Code (46 installed, 6 spares). The 
     following non-MDE items will also be included: AN/APX-123A 
     Identify Friend or Foe (IFF) Transponders; KY-100 Encryptor 
     Terminals; KIV-77 Crypto Appliques; AN/VRC-100 Advanced High 
     Frequency Ground Transceivers; AN/PYQ-10 (C) Simple Key 
     Loaders; AN/ARC-220 High Frequency (HF) Radios; and the 
     Automated Communication Engineering Software (ACES) Package. 
     Although the estimated additional MDE value is $12 million, 
     the estimated total MDE value will remain $1.725 billion. The 
     total estimated case value will remain $2.6 billion.
       (iv) Significance: This notification is being provided to 
     add MDE articles that were added to the program due to the 
     obsolescence of the items they will replace and to report the 
     AN/ARC-231A as MDE. The proposed articles and services will 
     support Egypt's ongoing effort to modernize its armed forces 
     and increase its capacity to detect threats and control its 
     borders, contributing to the maintenance of regional 
     stability and security. This will contribute to the Egyptian 
     military's effort to update their capabilities and enhance 
     interoperability with the United States and other strategic 
     allies.
       (v) Justification: This proposed sale will support the 
     foreign policy and national security objectives of the United 
     States by helping to improve the security of a Major Non-NATO 
     Ally that continues to be an important force for political 
     stability and economic progress in the Middle East.
       (vi) Sensitivity of Technology: The AN/ARC-231A (RT-1987) 
     radio is a multi-mode software defined radio providing line 
     of sight very high frequency (VHF)/ultra high frequency (UHF) 
     secure and non-secure voice and data communications over the 
     30.000-941.000 MHz frequency and Satellite Communications 
     (SATCOM) beyond line of sight secure and non-secure voice and 
     data, including Demand Assigned Multiple ACCESS (DAMA) 
     communications from the 240-320 MHz frequency range on manned 
     and unmanned aviation platforms. ARC-231A includes improved 
     type-1 cryptographic algorithm and processing capabilities, 
     Civil Land Mobile Radio, Single Channel Ground and Airborne 
     Radios System (SINCGARS) capabilities, HAVE QUICK (HQ), 
     Second Generation Anti-Jam Tactical UHF Radio for NATO 
     (SATURN) wave form, 8.33 kHz channel spacing for Global Air-
     Traffic Management (GATM) compliance, and capability for 
     Mobile User Objective System (MUOS) waveform through possible 
     future hardware and software updates.
       The AN/APX-123A Transponder is an IFF digital transponder 
     set that provides pertinent platform information in response 
     to an IFF interrogator. It provides this cooperative 
     capability using full diversity selection, as well as Mode 
     Select capability.
       The KY-100 is a radio encryptor that has sensitive 
     technology. This device is a self-contained terminal and 
     provides for secure voice and data communications in tactical 
     airborne/ground environments.
       The KIV-77 is a Common Crypto Applique for Identification, 
     Friend or Foe (IFF) that provides Mode 4/5 capability.
       The AN/VRC-100 is the ground version of the AN/ARC-220 HF 
     radio, which provides embedded Automatic Link Establishment 
     (ALE), serial tone data modem, text messaging, and GPS 
     position reporting functions.
       The AN/PYQ-10 (C) Simple Key Loader (SKL) is a ruggedized, 
     portable, hand-held fill device used for securely receiving, 
     storing, and transferring electronic key material and data 
     between compatible end cryptographic units (ECU) and 
     communications equipment. It supports both the DS-101 and DS-
     102 interfaces, as well as the Crypto Ignition Key and is 
     compatible with existing ECUs.
       The AN/ARC-220 HF airborne communications system provides 
     embedded ALE, serial tone data modem, text messaging and GPS 
     position reporting functions.
       The Sensitivity of Technology Statement contained in the 
     original notification applies to the other items reported 
     here.
       The highest level of classification of defense articles, 
     components, and services included in this potential sale is 
     SECRET.
       (vii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: September 12, 
     2024.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6092-S6093]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




             TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT GENERAL JONATHAN STUBBS

  Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I rise today to congratulate U.S. Army 
LTG Jonathan Stubbs on his promotion to director of the Army National 
Guard.
  General Stubbs was appointed by Arkansas Governor Sarah Huckabee 
Sanders to serve as adjutant general of the Arkansas National Guard in 
January 2023 after a long and distinguished career in the National 
Guard.
  He first enlisted in the Army National Guard in Tennessee, but very 
quickly made his home in the Natural State and spent nearly three 
decades serving and leading citizen soldiers in Arkansas. In fact, he 
held every leadership position within the 39th Infantry Brigade Combat 
Team and deployed to Iraq twice during Operation Iraqi Freedom.
  As an Active-Guard Reserve officer from 1997-2021, Stubbs completed 
numerous trainings and assignments, which culminated in his promotion 
as chief of staff for the Arkansas Army National Guard.
  His entire service in uniform has been characterized by bravery and 
skill, earning him decorations to include the Combat Infantryman Badge, 
Valorous Unit Award, three Legion of Merit citations, two Bronze Star 
Medals, and the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, among many others.
  His leadership potential and experience led to his appointment as 
vice director for operations for the National Guard Bureau in 2021, and 
the next year, he was assigned as the deputy director of Operations, 
Readiness, and Mobilization at Department of the Army Headquarters, 
based at the Pentagon.
  As head of the Arkansas National Guard, General Stubbs was a driving 
force of remarkable progress and growth. He connected communities to 
the Guard and enhanced relationships between servicemembers, families, 
veterans, businesses, and local leaders;

[[Page S6093]]

elevated recruiting and retention efforts that had struggled amid the 
pandemic through innovative approaches, including partnership with 
skills and vocational initiatives; ensured guardsmen's preparedness to 
not only deploy in defense of our country to Europe and the Middle 
East, but also around the State of Arkansas and to the U.S. southern 
border; built and expanded partnerships, particularly with National 
Guard State Partnership Program counterpart Guatemala; and helped 
inspire confidence in the Arkansas Guard's capabilities and personnel 
through excellent communication, professionalism, and unmistakable 
passion.
  It was a special pleasure and honor to work alongside General Stubbs 
to secure a new flying mission at Ebbing Air National Guard Base and 
help guide necessary preparations for the Active Duty-Air Force bed 
down in advance of the formal arrival of the Foreign Military Sales 
Program in Fort Smith. His expertise and diligence were indispensable 
to the success of this incredibly consequential opportunity for the 
State of Arkansas that will also greatly benefit U.S. national 
security.
  As he begins this new chapter leading our Army National Guard, we are 
tremendously grateful for all his contributions to our State and 
stewardship of the Arkansas Guard for so many years. General Stubbs 
will undoubtedly continue to make the Natural State proud through his 
exceptional leadership, steadfast commitment to the guardsmen under his 
command, and dedication to the defense of the United States, its 
allies, and interests. We wish him well in this new role.

                          ____________________








[Page S6093]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




          RECOGNIZING THE BLUE ANGELS 2025 OFFICER SELECTIONS

  Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I recognize the newest selectees for the 
U.S. Navy Flight Demonstration Squadron, the Blue Angels, as they 
prepare to join this esteemed team for the 2025 air show season. The 
Blue Angels are a symbol of naval aviation excellence and a vital part 
of Florida's rich military heritage, with their home base at Naval Air 
Station Pensacola.
  Each year, the Blue Angels inspire millions of spectators with their 
precise and daring aerial performances, showcasing the skill and 
professionalism of the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps. The team's presence 
in Florida is a source of immense pride, reinforcing the deep 
connection between our State and the military.
  This year, after a highly competitive selection process, five 
outstanding officers have been chosen to join the Blue Angels for the 
2025 show season: Maj. Brandon Wilkins, from Beaufort, SC; Maj. Scott 
Laux, from Chantilly, VA; Lcdr. Lilly Montana, from Vienna, VA; Maj. 
Joshua Horman, from Smithville, MO; and Cmdr. Jen Murr, from Jackson 
Center, OH.
  Their selection is a testament to their extraordinary skill, 
dedication, and commitment to the values of the U.S. Navy and Marine 
Corps. The Blue Angels are more than just a demonstration team; they 
are ambassadors of goodwill, fostering a sense of community and 
patriotism across Florida and the Nation. Their performances inspire 
future generations of aviators and remind us all of the critical role 
our military plays in safeguarding our freedoms.
  I congratulate Maj. Brandon Wilkins, Maj. Scott Laux, Lcdr. Lilly 
Montana, Maj. Joshua Horman, and Cmdr. Jen Murr on their selection. I 
look forward to the 2025 show season and the continued success of the 
Blue Angels, a team that embodies the very best of our Nation's Armed 
Forces.

                          ____________________








[Page S6093]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




 RECOGNIZING THE 555TH PARACHUTE INFANTRY BATTALION, ``TRIPLE NICKLES''

  Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I recognize and honor the legacy of the 
555th Parachute Infantry Battalion, known as the ``Triple Nickles,'' a 
unit that exemplified the highest standards of excellence and 
professionalism in the U.S. Army. As the first all-Black parachute 
infantry battalion in the U.S. Army, the Triple Nickles made 
extraordinary contributions to our Nation. Formed in the face of 
adversity and prejudice, the 555th Parachute Infantry Battalion was 
composed of highly skilled and dedicated soldiers who demonstrated 
exceptional courage and resolve, breaking barriers and laying the 
groundwork for the integration of our Armed Forces. The Triple Nickles 
forged a legacy of bravery, skill, and dedication that continues to 
inspire us.
  In 1945, the Triple Nickles were assigned to a unique and critical 
mission known as Operation Firefly, where they parachuted into the 
rugged terrain of the American Northwest to extinguish forest fires 
started by Japanese incendiary balloon bombs during World War II. This 
mission was both dangerous and essential, as these brave soldiers 
helped protect our homeland from a new and insidious form of warfare. 
Their skills and bravery during these operations set the standard for 
future military smokejumpers and left an indelible mark on the history 
of airborne operations.
  The legacy of the Triple Nickles extends beyond their military 
achievements. Their success challenged the prevailing attitudes of the 
time and contributed to the eventual desegregation of the U.S. 
military. When the battalion was integrated into the 82nd Airborne 
Division, it marked a significant step towards the equality of 
treatment and opportunity for all servicemembers, regardless of race.
  Today, as we reflect on the contributions of the 555th Parachute 
Infantry Battalion, we honor their service and sacrifice. They were 
more than just soldiers; they were trailblazers who fought for their 
country and the right to serve it with dignity and respect. Their 
courage continues to inspire generations of soldiers and reminds us of 
the progress we have made as a nation. Their contributions to our 
Nation's history are immeasurable, and their legacy endures in the 
freedoms we enjoy today.
  It is with great pride that I recognize the 555th Parachute Infantry 
Battalion, the Triple Nickles, and ensure that their story of service 
and excellence is remembered and celebrated in our Nation's history.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6093-S6094]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     TRIBUTE TO MARY LOUISE QUINBY

  Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I rise today to wish a very happy 
birthday to Mary Louise Quinby, a wife, mother, grandmother, great-
grandmother, and great-great-grandmother, from Ocosta, WA. Mrs. Quinby 
turned 100 years old on August 26, and she continues to be the driving 
force within her family, which now consists of 8 children, 30 
grandchildren, 56 great-grandchildren, and 5 great-great-grandchildren.
  Born August 26, 1924, Mary grew up on a small family farm. In 1942, 
during World War II, she married her high school sweetheart Robert, and 
while he served in the Navy, Mary worked as a Rosie the Riveter in a 
local shop in Aberdeen.
  After the war, Mary and Bob settled in Bremerton, where Bob worked in 
the shipyards as a machinist. In 1948, Mary's uncle, a cranberry grower 
in Grayland, encouraged her husband and brother Jack to try their hand 
at farming cranberries. They bought their first bog of two acres from 
her uncle and moved their small family to Grayland.
  During the years after their first cranberry bog purchase and until 
the early 1970s, they bought about 23 acres of bogs. Mary supported her 
husband while he worked his second job as a machinist in a local plant 
by weeding, irrigating, and doing frost protection when necessary.
  In the early 1970s, Bob became ill, and they started selling portions 
of their bogs to their oldest son, Robert P. Quinby. During this time, 
Mary--mostly by herself--farmed about eight acres. She raised a bumper 
crop, and it topped the highest yield on that acreage. She never let 
her husband forget it.
  Her husband was the West Coast director for Ocean Spray for many 
years, during which time Mary played an instrumental role in teaching 
other farmers about Ocean Spray and cranberry farming.
  During all of that time, and through today, her family has remained 
her top priority, and the legacy of that 1948 decision to become a 
cranberry farmer has been passed down in her family. Today, two sons, 
one daughter, and eight grandchildren grow cranberries.
  From their first purchase in 1948 of two acres, Mary's descendants 
have

[[Page S6094]]

amassed close to 275 acres in the Grayland area and are busy training 
the next generations of cranberry owners.
  Mary is a shining example of the American dream and beloved by all 
who know her. Her dedication to her family, her community, and her 
farms is obvious, and I wish her the happiest of birthdays.

                          ____________________








[Page S6094]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                            RECOGNIZING SCE

<bullet> Ms. ERNST. Mr. President, as ranking member of the Senate 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, each week I recognize 
an outstanding Iowa small business that exemplifies the American 
entrepreneurial spirit. This week, it is my privilege to recognize SCE 
of Cherokee, IA, as the Senate Small Business of the Week.
  Upon graduation from Iowa State University in 2003, Cory Bouchard 
began working as an operations supervisor for Schoon Construction, Inc. 
He worked at the company for 11 years until the owner was looking to 
sell part of the business. Cory knew he was interested, and his wife 
Maria recognized the need for reliable excavation and construction 
services in Cherokee and throughout western Iowa. They purchased part 
of Schoon Construction, Inc., and created SCE.
  Since its founding in 2015, SCE specializes in providing commercial 
and residential site utility services, cementing their reputation as 
the go-to company in fixing the city's water, sewage, or utilities. 
Today SCE employs seven local community members who are all committed 
to upholding SCE's service standards.
  During the severe floods in Iowa this summer, SCE played an 
instrumental role in saving the city from potentially irreversible 
damage. The team worked around the clock alongside the Cherokee 
Volunteer Fire Department to pump out water and sewage, fix main water 
lines, and operate the city's vital water pumps. During the floods, the 
Cherokee sewage lift station that moves wastewater, nearly collapsed, 
prompting SCE to jump in and get it back on track. Once the flooding 
receded, SCE and local volunteers continued their work by focusing on 
cleanup and recovery.
  Beyond their operational contributions, SCE has a deep-rooted 
presence in the Cherokee community. The company is committed to helping 
local schools and community groups receive needed resources through 
their sponsorships. For example, SCE sponsors the Cherokee County Fair 
and the Cherokee County Rodeo. SCE is also a member of both the 
Cherokee Chamber of Commerce and the Better Business Bureau. In 2016, 
the Cherokee Chamber recognized SCE as the Small Business of the Year. 
Early next year, SCE will celebrate its tenth business anniversary.
  SCE's commitment to reliable construction and excavation servicing is 
clear. I would like to thank the Bouchard family and the team at SCE 
for their dedication and incredible commitment to Cherokee County and 
the western Iowa area. I look forward to seeing their continued 
development and achievements in Iowa.<bullet>

                          ____________________








[Page S6094]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




             RECOGNIZING FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH OF WHITE HALL

<bullet> Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, the First Baptist Church of White 
Hall is celebrating its 100th anniversary this year. The White Hall 
Baptist Mission was organized on July 24, 1924, by Dr. J. D. Sayers, 
Brother J. L. Lee, and the deacons of First Baptist Church of Pine 
Bluff. There were 11 charter members.
  The new church shared a school building with the First Methodist 
Church of White Hall until Mrs. Clara Pinkington donated the property 
at 8203 Dollarway Road for a new building in October 1924. In 1925, a 
church building was erected and the name was changed to Lee Memorial 
Baptist Church in memory of Brother J.L. Lee. It was completed debt-
free in 1926. In 1985, under Brother Jack Ramsey, members voted to 
change the church name to its present-day name, the First Baptist 
Church of White Hall.
  While additional structures were added to the facilities throughout 
the years, the older buildings are still used today for educational 
space, children and youth ministries, and other fellowships. First 
Baptist Church of White Hall has had 18 pastors in the last 100 years. 
And remarkably, the tenure of the last two pastors Brothers Bob Harper 
and Paul Williams have spanned 36 of those 100 years. I join the church 
members, White Hall community, and State of Arkansas in recognizing 
First Baptist Church of White Hall in this milestone.<bullet>

                          ____________________








[Page S6094]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS

                                 ______
                                 

   RECOGNIZING THE 100-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE NEVADA ASSOCIATION OF 
                                COUNTIES

<bullet> Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, today I rise to recognize the 
100-year anniversary of the Nevada Association of Counties, also known 
as NACO. NACO was established in Reno, NV, in 1924 under the name of 
Nevada County Commissioners' Association. NACO was established when 
Nevada had a total population of 84,000 residents. Today, NACO 
represents all 17 counties in Nevada, from Clark County with a 
population of over 2,000,000 residents, to Esmerelda with a population 
of less than 1,000 residents. Every year, I make a dedicated effort to 
visit all 17 Nevada counties because I know how important each 
community is to our State's economy and culture.
  Counties serve as a vital administrative arm of Nevada's State 
government. Their work is critical, as they play a key role in 
maintaining records, overseeing courts and law enforcement, supporting 
fire protection, administering health and welfare assistance, assessing 
property, collecting taxes, building roads, and conducting elections. 
Nevada counties perform these important functions and many others 
through their elected representatives who serve as general purpose 
government for both unincorporated and incorporated areas, thereby 
servicing all people within Nevada.
  Since 1924, Nevada counties have grown in population, experienced 
urbanization, and undergone economic evolutions. Over the past 100 
years of Nevada's development, NACO has helped county governments to 
meet this change. NACO's initiative, leadership, and proactive problem 
solving have helped counties across Nevada act and usher in positive 
change.
  Today, Nevada counties face unique challenges and opportunities. Even 
though Nevada is one of the most urbanized States in the Nation, the 
State has a large rural population. NACO continues their legacy of 
ensuring Nevada county governments have the best opportunity to make 
positive change and can lead all Nevada communities into the future, no 
matter their size.
  As a representative of all 17 counties in Nevada, NACO plays a large 
role in ensuring all people within Nevada benefit from local, regional, 
State, and national decisions. This is accomplished through their 
continued nonpartisan efforts to provide county governments with 
educational and support services, advocacy at a State and Federal level 
and opportunities to make legislative change in the State. I know that 
our Nevada congressional delegation appreciates working directly with 
this hard-working organization and its members.
  I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing NACO's 100 years of 
dedicated service to all people within Nevada and NACO's efforts to 
meet the challenges and opportunities facing Nevada's counties. We look 
forward to continuing the legacy by working collaboratively for the 
next hundred years.<bullet>

                          ____________________








[Pages S6094-S6095]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    RECOGNIZING LOS TIGRES DEL NORTE

<bullet> Mr. PADILLA. Mr. President, this week, as they are honored 
with the 2024 Medallion of Excellence Award, the highest accolade 
awarded by the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute, I rise to 
celebrate the over five-decade career of California-based norteno band, 
Los Tigres del Norte.
  While they would eventually go on to become one of the most 
successful Latin music groups of all time, few people would have 
guessed it when they booked their first trip north to the United States 
to perform at a State prison in northern California--without even 
having a band name.
  Raised in the town of Rosa Morada, Mocorito, in the Mexican state of 
Sinaloa, 3 of the 11 Hernandez children grew up playing music together 
in

[[Page S6095]]

local parades. In 1965, when their father, a rancher, injured his legs 
and couldn't work, Jorge, Raul, and Hernan recruited their cousin Oscar 
and began traveling the region as a band, earning money at local clubs 
to support their family.
  In 1968, just teenagers at the time, they traveled north of the 
border to perform alongside mariachis, dancers, and even mimes for the 
inmates of a State prison south of San Jose, CA. It was then that an 
immigration official first labeled them the ``Little Tigers.'' What 
came after was five decades of norteno-style music that resonated with 
people across the continent, tens of millions of albums sold, multiple 
Grammy and Latin Grammy awards, and the Latin Recording Academy's 
Lifetime Achievement Award.
  Los Tigres del Norte, who would later add Eduardo and Luis Hernandez, 
have helped popularize norteno music in the United States, a genre that 
combined the music of Mexican laborers with the accordion-laced polka 
music of Czech and German immigrants.
  True to their genre, Los Tigres embraced storytelling, sharing 
stories of hardship back in Mexico; of immigrants' long, difficult 
journeys; and of life in America. At first, they gave a voice to 
Mexican day laborers living in America. But soon enough, they began 
growing alongside a blossoming Latino population throughout the United 
States to become titans of the music industry.
  They have filled theaters and stadiums, even released their own 
Netflix documentary as a 50th anniversary tribute to Johnny Cash's 
historic concert at Folsom Prison in California. From ``America'' to 
``La Jaula de Oro,'' Los Tigres' music continues to tell the story of 
the Latino experience in America today.
  On a personal note, as the proud son of Mexican immigrants and as a 
child who grew up in the working-class community of Pacoima, CA, I 
remember their music filling our home and blasting out of speakers at 
neighborhood parties growing up. And in the mid-1990s, when immigrants 
and the children of immigrants in California rose up against the 
hateful, anti-immigrant proposition 187, Los Tigres' music was 
integrated into the soundtrack of our struggle.
  Today, as a lifelong fan, I am proud to say their music now echoes in 
the Halls of Congress.<bullet>

                          ____________________








[Page S6095]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME

  The following bill was read the first time:

       H.R. 5613. An act to require a review of whether 
     individuals or entities subject to the imposition of certain 
     sanctions through inclusion on certain sanctions lists should 
     also be subject to the imposition of other sanctions and 
     included on other sanctions lists.

                          ____________________








[Page S6095]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                           MEASURES REFERRED

  The following bill was read the first and the second times by 
unanimous consent, and referred as indicated:

       H.R. 1425. An act to require any convention, agreement, or 
     other international instrument on pandemic prevention, 
     preparedness, and response reached by the World Health 
     Assembly to be subject to Senate ratification; to the 
     Committee on Foreign Relations.

                          ____________________








[Page S6095]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE

  At 11:16 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered 
by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has 
passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the 
Senate:

       H.R. 1425. An act to require any convention, agreement, or 
     other international instrument on pandemic prevention, 
     preparedness, and response reached by the World Health 
     Assembly to be subject to Senate ratification.


                         ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED

  At 2:26 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered 
by Mrs. Alli, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has 
signed the following enrolled bills:

       H.R. 7032. An act to amend the Congressional Budget and 
     Impoundment Control Act of 1974 to provide the Congressional 
     Budget Office with necessary authorities to expedite the 
     sharing of data from executive branch agencies, and other 
     purposes.
       H.R. 7377. An act to amend the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty 
     Management Act of 1982 to improve the management of royalties 
     from oil and gas leases, and for other purposes.

  The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro 
tempore (Mrs. Murray).
                                  ____

  At 3:45 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered 
by Mrs. Alli, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has 
passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the 
Senate:

       H.R. 5613. An act to require a review of whether 
     individuals or entities subject to the imposition of certain 
     sanctions through inclusion on certain sanctions lists should 
     also be subject to the imposition of other sanctions and 
     included on other sanctions lists.
                                  ____

  At 7,05 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered 
by Mrs. Alli, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has 
passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the 
Senate:

       H.R. 9468. An act making supplemental appropriations for 
     the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other 
     purposes.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6095-S6097]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS

  The following communications were laid before the Senate, together 
with accompanying papers, reports, and documents, and were referred as 
indicated:

        EC-5862. A communication from the Acting Regulations 
     Specialist of Subsistence Management, Fish and Wildlife 
     Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant 
     to law, the report of a rule entitled ``Subsistence 
     Management Regulations for Public Lands in Alaska - 2024-25 
     and 2025-2026 Subsistence Taking of Wildlife Regulations'' 
     (RIN1018-BG72) received in the Office of the President of the 
     Senate on September 9, 2024; to the Committee on Energy and 
     Natural Resources.
        EC-5863. A communication from the Chief of the Regulations 
     and Standards Branch, Bureau of Safety and Environmental 
     Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting, 
     pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ``Oil and Gas 
     and Sulfur Operations in the Outer Continental Shelf - High 
     Pressure High Temperature Updates'' (RIN1014-AA49) received 
     in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 10, 
     2024; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources.
        EC-5864. A communication from the Director of 
     Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
     ``American Society of Mechanical Engineers 2021-2022 Code 
     Editions'' (RIN3150-AK21) received in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on September 10, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Environment and Public Works.
        EC-5865. A communication from the Chief of Bird 
     Conservation, Permits, and Regulations, Fish and Wildlife 
     Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant 
     to law, the report of a rule entitled ``Migratory Bird 
     Hunting; Final 2024-2025 Frameworks for Migratory Bird 
     Hunting Regulations'' (RIN1018-BG63) received in the Office 
     of the President of the Senate on September 10, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Environment and Public Works.
        EC-5866. A communication from the Chief of Bird 
     Conservation, Permits, and Regulations, Fish and Wildlife 
     Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant 
     to law, the report of a rule entitled ``Migratory Bird 
     Hunting; Final 2024-2025 Seasons for Certain Migratory Game 
     Birds'' (RIN1018-BG63) received in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on September 10, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Environment and Public Works.
        EC-5867. A communication from the Associate Director of 
     the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Review of Final Rule Reclassification of Major 
     Sources as Area Sources Under Section 112 of the Clean Air 
     Act'' (FRL No. 4908.1-02-OAR) received in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on September 9, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Environment and Public Works.
        EC-5868. A communication from the Associate Director of 
     the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Data 
     Reporting and Recordkeeping under the Toxic Substances 
     Control Act; Change to Submission Period and Technical 
     Correction'' ((RIN2070-AK67) (FRL No. 7902.1-02-OCSPP)) 
     received in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
     September 9, 2024; to the Committee on Environment and Public 
     Works.
        EC-5869. A communication from the Associate Director of 
     the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Data 
     Reporting and Recordkeeping under the Toxic Substances 
     Control Act; Change to Submission Period and Technical 
     Correction'' ((RIN2070-AK67) (FRL No. 7902.1-02-OCSPP)) 
     received in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
     September 9, 2024; to the Committee on Environment and Public 
     Works.
        EC-5870. A communication from the Associate Director of 
     the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection

[[Page S6096]]

     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Air Plan Approval; California; South Coast Air 
     Quality Management District'' (FRL No. 11442-02-R9) received 
     in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 9, 
     2024; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works.
        EC-5871. A communication from the Associate Director of 
     the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Phasedown of Hydrofluorocarbons: Correction to 
     Address Vacated Provisions'' ((RIN2060-AW15) (FRL No. 11597-
     01-OAR)) received in the Office of the President of the 
     Senate on September 9, 2024; to the Committee on Environment 
     and Public Works.
        EC-5872. A communication from the Associate Director of 
     the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``North Carolina: Final Authorization of State 
     Hazardous Waste Management Program Revisions'' (FRL No. 
     11972-03-R4) received in the Office of the President of the 
     Senate on September 9, 2024; to the Committee on Environment 
     and Public Works.
        EC-5873. A communication from the Associate Director of 
     the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``National Priorities List'' (FRL No. 12163-02-OLEM) 
     received in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
     September 9, 2024; to the Committee on Environment and Public 
     Works.
        EC-5874. A communication from the Director of the 
     Regulations and Disclosure Law Division, Customs and Border 
     Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, 
     pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ``Extension of 
     Import Restrictions Imposed on Certain Archaeological 
     Material of Algeria'' (RIN1515-AE90) received in the Office 
     of the President of the Senate on September 9, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Finance.
        EC-5875. A communication from the Chief of the 
     Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue 
     Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant 
     to law, the report of a rule entitled ``Updated Procedures 
     for Requesting Approval to Use Substitute Mortality Tables'' 
     (Rev. Proc. 2024-32) received in the Office of the President 
     of the Senate on September 9, 2024; to the Committee on 
     Finance.
        EC-5876. A communication from the President of the United 
     States, transmitting, pursuant to law, a social security 
     totalization agreement with Romania, titled ``Agreement on 
     Social Security between the United States of America and 
     Romania'' and the accompanying legally binding administrative 
     arrangement titled ``Administrative Arrangement between the 
     Competent Authorities of the United States of America and 
     Romania for the Implementation of the Agreement on Social 
     Security between the United States of America and Romania''; 
     to the Committee on Finance.
        EC-5877. A communication from the Principal Deputy 
     Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of 
     State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled 
     ``Determination Under Section 506(a)(1) of the Foreign 
     Assistance Act of 1961 (FAA) to Provide Military Assistance 
     to Ukraine''; to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
        EC-5878. A communication from the Principal Deputy 
     Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of 
     State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and 36(d) of 
     the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed 
     license amendment for the export of defense articles, 
     including technical data and defense services in the amount 
     of $100,000,000 for the manufacture of significant military 
     equipment abroad to Canada (Transmittal No. DDTC 24-030); to 
     the Committee on Foreign Relations.
        EC-5879. A communication from the Principal Deputy 
     Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of 
     State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms 
     Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license 
     amendment for the export of defense articles, including 
     technical data and defense services in the amount of 
     $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 24-039); to the 
     Committee on Foreign Relations.
        EC-5880. A communication from the Executive Secretary, 
     U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, five (5) reports relative to 
     vacancies in the U.S. Agency for International Development 
     (USAID), received in the Office of the President of the 
     Senate on September 9, 2024; to the Committee on Foreign 
     Relations.
        EC-5881. A communication from the Principal Deputy 
     Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of 
     State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Intercountry Adoption: Regulatory Changes to 
     Accreditation and Approval Regulations in Intercountry 
     Adoption'' (RIN1400-AE39) received in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on September 9, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Foreign Relations.
        EC-5882. A communication from the Regulations Coordinator, 
     Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human 
     Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Food Additives Permitted in Feed and Drinking 
     Water of Animals; Pichia Pastoris Dried Yeast'' (Docket No. 
     FDA-2024-F-3882) received in the Office of the President of 
     the Senate on September 10, 2024; to the Committee on Health, 
     Education, Labor, and Pensions.
        EC-5883. A communication from the Regulations Coordinator, 
     Office of Population Affairs, Department of Health and Human 
     Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Public Health Policies on Research Misconduct'' 
     (RIN0937-AA12) received during in the Office of the President 
     of the Senate on September 10, 2024; to the Committee on 
     Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions.
       EC-5884. A communication from the Regulations Coordinator, 
     Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Department of 
     Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
     report of a rule entitled ``World Trade Center (WTC) Health 
     Program; Expanded Eligibility for Pentagon and Shanksville, 
     Pennsylvania Responders'' (RIN0920-AA86) received in the 
     Office of the President of the Senate on September 10, 2024; 
     to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions.
       EC-5885. A communication from the Chair, National Endowment 
     for the Arts, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Endowment's 
     fiscal year 2023 Federal Activities Inventory Reform (FAIR) 
     Act submission of its commercial and inherently governmental 
     activities; to the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs.
       EC-5886. A communication from the Director of the 
     Regulatory Secretariat Division, Office of Acquisition 
     Policy, General Services Administration, transmitting, 
     pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ``General 
     Services Administration Acquisition Regulation (GSAR); 
     Updates to References to GSA Sustainable Leasing'' (RIN3090-
     AK82) received in the Office of the President of the Senate 
     on September 9, 2024; to the Committee on Homeland Security 
     and Governmental Affairs.
       EC-5887. A communication from the Director of Acquisition 
     Policy, General Services Administration, Department of 
     Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal 
     Acquisition Circular 2024-07, Introduction'' (FAC 2024-07) 
     received in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
     September 10, 2024; to the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs.
       EC-5888. A communication from the Secretary of 
     Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
     Department's fiscal year 2023 annual report relative to the 
     Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and 
     Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on 
     Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
       EC-5889. A communication from the Director, Congressional, 
     Legislative, and Intergovernmental Affairs, Federal Election 
     Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission's 
     Congressional Budget Estimate Submission for fiscal year 
     2026; to the Committee on Rules and Administration.
       EC-5890. A communication from the Senior Advisor for 
     Oversight, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, 
     Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to 
     law, the report of a rule entitled ``Veteran Readiness and 
     Employment Program: Delegation of Concurrence for Entitlement 
     Extensions'' (RIN2900-AS14) received in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on September 10, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Veterans' Affairs.
       EC-5891. A communication from the Senior Advisor for 
     Oversight, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, 
     Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to 
     law, the report of a rule entitled ``Bar to Approval'' 
     (RIN2900-AQ99) received in the Office of the President of the 
     Senate on September 10, 2024; to the Committee on Veterans' 
     Affairs.
       EC-5892. A communication from the Director of Rulemaking 
     Operations, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 
     Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, 
     the report of a rule entitled ``Federal Motor Vehicle Safety 
     Standards; Occupant Crash Protection'' (RIN2127-AL90) 
     received in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
     September 10, 2024; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
     and Transportation.
       EC-5893. A communication from the Director of Rulemaking 
     Operations, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 
     Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, 
     the report of a rule entitled ``Record Retention 
     Requirement'' (RIN2127-AL81) received in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on September 10, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation.
       EC-5894. A communication from the Attorney-Advisor, Office 
     of General Counsel, Department of Transportation, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy 
     in the position of Administrator, Federal Motor Carrier 
     Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, received 
     in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 10, 
     2024; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
     Transportation.
       EC-5895. A communication from the Branch Chief, National 
     Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
     ``Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South 
     Atlantic; 2024 Commercial Closure for Gag in the South 
     Atlantic'' (RIN0648-XE065) received in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on September 9, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation.
       EC-5896. A communication from the Branch Chief, National 
     Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
     ``Atlantic Highly Migratory Species;

[[Page S6097]]

     Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries; Closure of the Angling 
     Category Southern New England Area Trophy Fishery for 2023'' 
     (RIN0648-XD039) received in the Office of the President of 
     the Senate on September 9, 2024; to the Committee on 
     Commerce, Science, and Transportation.
       EC-5897. A communication from the Branch Chief, National 
     Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
     ``Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone off Alaska; 
     Longnose Skates in the Eastern Regulatory Area of the Gulf of 
     Alaska'' (RIN0648-XD057) received in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on September 9, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation.
       EC-5898. A communication from the Biologist, National 
     Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
     ``Taking of Marine Mammals Incidental to Commercial Fishing 
     Operations; Amendment to the Atlantic Pelagic Longline Take 
     Reduction Plan'' (RIN0648-BN14) received in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on September 9, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation.

                          ____________________








[Page S6097]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




            SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS

  The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were 
read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated:

           By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. Coons, Mr. King, Mr. 
             Blumenthal, Mr. Padilla, Mr. Whitehouse, Mr. Cardin, 
             Mr. Kaine, Ms. Cantwell, Ms. Baldwin, Mrs. Shaheen, 
             Mr. Welch, Mr. Casey, Ms. Stabenow, Mr. Fetterman, 
             Mr. Durbin, Mr. Brown, Mr. Booker, Ms. Butler, Ms. 
             Klobuchar, Mr. Warner, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Reed, Mr. 
             Lujan, Mr. Markey, Mr. Van Hollen, Mr. Sanders, Ms. 
             Smith, Mr. Carper, and Mr. Merkley):
       S. Res. 822. A resolution designating September 2024 as 
     ``National Voting Rights Month''; to the Committee on the 
     Judiciary.
           By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Mr. Cornyn, Mr. 
             Cassidy, Ms. Baldwin, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. Bennet, Mr. 
             Booker, Ms. Butler, Mr. Cardin, Ms. Collins, Ms. 
             Duckworth, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Hagerty, Mr. Fetterman, 
             Mr. Kaine, Mr. King, Mr. Kelly, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. 
             Heinrich, Mr. Hickenlooper, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Lujan, 
             Mr. Markey, Mr. Ossoff, Mr. Padilla, Mr. Reed, Ms. 
             Rosen, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Schatz, Ms. Sinema, Mrs. 
             Shaheen, Ms. Stabenow, Mr. Van Hollen, Mr. Warner, 
             Ms. Warren, Mr. Warnock, Mr. Wyden, Ms. Cantwell, Mr. 
             Helmy, Mr. Rubio, Mr. Schumer, Mr. Coons, Ms. Smith, 
             Ms. Hassan, Mr. Casey, and Mr. Scott of Florida):
       S. Res. 823. A resolution recognizing Hispanic Heritage 
     Month and celebrating the heritage and culture of Latinos in 
     the United States and the immense contributions of Latinos to 
     the United States; considered and agreed to.

                          ____________________








[Page S6097]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS

  The following bills and joint resolutions were introduced, read the 
first and second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated:

           By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. Blumenthal, Mrs. 
             Blackburn, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Hawley, and Ms. 
             Klobuchar):
       S. 5060. A bill to reauthorize the PROTECT Our Children Act 
     of 2008, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the 
     Judiciary.
           By Ms. SMITH:
       S. 5061. A bill to award career pathways innovation grants 
     to local educational agencies and consortia of local 
     educational agencies, to provide technical assistance within 
     the Office of Career, Technical, and Adult Education to 
     administer the grants and support the local educational 
     agencies with the preparation of grant applications and 
     management of grant funds, to amend the Higher Education Act 
     of 1965 to support community college and industry 
     partnerships, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
     Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions.
           By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself and Mr. Ossoff):
       S. 5062. A bill to address sexual harrassment and sexual 
     assault of Bureau of Prisons staff in prisons, and for other 
     purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary.
           By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. Cassidy):
       S. 5063. A bill to require the Administrator of the Small 
     Business Administration to establish a program to allow small 
     business concerns to purchase certain commodities futures, 
     and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business 
     and Entrepreneurship.
           By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. Peters):
       S. 5064. A bill to amend title 46, United States Code, to 
     require applicants for grants that propose to use digital 
     infrastructure or a software component to certify the 
     applicant has an approved security plan that addresses the 
     cybersecurity risks of such digital infrastructure or 
     software, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
     Commerce, Science, and Transportation.
           By Mr. BOOKER:
       S. 5065. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary 
     Education Act of 1965 to authorize a grant program to support 
     students who have epilepsy or a seizure disorder; to the 
     Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions.
           By Mr. PAUL:
       S. 5066. A bill to require the approval of Congress for the 
     President to impose duties on the importation of articles 
     into the United States; to the Committee on Finance.
           By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. Tillis):
       S. 5067. A bill to improve individual assistance provided 
     by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and for other 
     purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs.
           By Mr. SULLIVAN:
       S. 5068. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to 
     modify the organization and authorities of the Assistant 
     Secretaries of Defense with duties relating to industrial 
     base policy and homeland defense; to the Committee on Armed 
     Services.
           By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. 
             Welch, and Mrs. Murray):
       S. 5069. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, and 
     title 39, United States Code, to provide the United States 
     Postal Service the authority to mail alcoholic beverages, and 
     for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs.
           By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mrs. Blackburn):
       S. 5070. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security 
     Act to remove certain age restrictions on Medicaid 
     eligibility for working adults with disabilities; to the 
     Committee on Finance.
           By Mr. KING (for himself and Mr. Moran):
       S. 5071. A bill to amend the Housing Act of 1949 to permit 
     certain grants to be used for accessory dwelling units, and 
     for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
     Urban Affairs.
           By Mr. DURBIN:
       S. 5072. A bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to 
     establish additional requirements for dealers, and for other 
     purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
     Forestry.
           By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. Cassidy):
       S. 5073. A bill to limit the use of funds for entities that 
     care for unaccompanied alien children and have been 
     identified as engaging in misconduct toward children; to the 
     Committee on the Judiciary.
           By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. Wicker, Mr. Daines, 
             Mr. Tuberville, Mrs. Blackburn, Ms. Ernst, Mr. 
             Ricketts, Mr. Budd, Mr. Braun, Mr. Cassidy, Mr. 
             Rubio, Mr. Grassley, Ms. Murkowski, Mr. Tillis, and 
             Mrs. Fischer):
       S. 5074. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans 
     Affairs to provide to Congress quarterly briefings on 
     budgetary shortfalls of the Department of Veterans Affairs 
     and to prohibit the provision of bonuses to Department of 
     Veterans Affairs employees in Senior Executive Service 
     positions in fiscal years with budgetary shortfalls, and for 
     other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans' Affairs.
           By Mr. PADILLA (for himself and Ms. Butler):
       S. 5075. A bill to provide for the water quality 
     restoration of the Tijuana River and the New River, and for 
     other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public 
     Works.
           By Mr. CARDIN:
       S. 5076. A bill to require periodic updates to the 
     comprehensive strategy to promote Internet freedom and access 
     to information in Iran, to authorize grants to support and 
     develop programs in Iran that promote or expand an open, 
     interoperable, reliable, and secure internet, and for other 
     purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations.

                          ____________________








[Page S6097]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         REPORTS OF COMMITTEES

  The following reports of committees were submitted:

       By Ms. CANTWELL, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
     and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a 
     substitute:
       S. 3348. A bill to amend the Harmful Algal Blooms and 
     Hypoxia Research and Control Act of 1998 to address harmful 
     algal blooms, and for other purposes.
       S. 4212. A bill to amend the Visit America Act to promote 
     music tourism, and for other purposes.
       S. 4343. A bill to establish and maintain a coordinated 
     program within the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
     Administration that improves wildfire, fire weather, fire 
     risk, and smoke related forecasting, detection, modeling, 
     observations, and service delivery, and to address growing 
     needs in the wildland-urban interface, and for other 
     purposes.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6097-S6099]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS


                                 S. 141

  At the request of Mr. Moran, the name of the Senator from Maryland 
(Mr. Van Hollen) was added as a cosponsor of S. 141, a bill to amend 
title

[[Page S6098]]

38, United States Code, to improve certain programs of the Department 
of Veterans Affairs for home and community based services for veterans, 
and for other purposes.


                                 S. 265

  At the request of Mr. Durbin, the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. 
Brown) was added as a cosponsor of S. 265, a bill to reauthorize the 
rural emergency medical service training and equipment assistance 
program, and for other purposes.


                                 S. 549

  At the request of Ms. Baldwin, the name of the Senator from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. Casey) was added as a cosponsor of S. 549, a bill to 
require enforcement against misbranded milk alternatives.


                                 S. 633

  At the request of Mr. Padilla, the name of the Senator from Arizona 
(Mr. Kelly) was added as a cosponsor of S. 633, a bill to award a 
Congressional Gold Medal to Everett Alvarez, Jr., in recognition of his 
service to the United States.


                                 S. 652

  At the request of Ms. Murkowski, the name of the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) was added as a cosponsor of S. 652, a bill 
to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to require 
a group health plan or health insurance coverage offered in connection 
with such a plan to provide an exceptions process for any medication 
step therapy protocol, and for other purposes.


                                 S. 711

  At the request of Mr. Budd, the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. 
Collins), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey) and the Senator 
from Missouri (Mr. Schmitt) were added as cosponsors of S. 711, a bill 
to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration 
of the invaluable service that working dogs provide to society.


                                 S. 930

  At the request of Ms. Klobuchar, the name of the Senator from 
Virginia (Mr. Warner) was added as a cosponsor of S. 930, a bill to 
amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide 
public safety officer benefits for exposure-related cancers, and for 
other purposes.


                                 S. 956

  At the request of Mr. Kelly, the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. 
Rosen) was added as a cosponsor of S. 956, a bill to amend title 10, 
United States Code, to improve dependent coverage under the TRICARE 
Young Adult Program.


                                S. 1206

  At the request of Mr. Booker, the name of the Senator from Hawaii 
(Ms. Hirono) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1206, a bill to amend the 
Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 to protect civil rights and 
otherwise prevent meaningful harm to third parties, and for other 
purposes.


                                S. 1474

  At the request of Ms. Klobuchar, the name of the Senator from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. Casey) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1474, a bill to 
amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to establish a dairy nutrition 
incentive program, and for other purposes.


                                S. 1839

  At the request of Ms. Baldwin, the name of the Senator from New 
Mexico (Mr. Lujan) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1839, a bill to 
improve Federal population surveys by requiring the collection of 
voluntary, self-disclosed information on sexual orientation, gender 
identity, and variations in sex characteristics in certain surveys, and 
for other purposes.


                                S. 2311

  At the request of Mr. Padilla, the name of the Senator from West 
Virginia (Mrs. Capito) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2311, a bill to 
require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of 
the 2028 Olympic and Paralympic Games in Los Angeles, California.


                                S. 2315

  At the request of Mr. Crapo, the name of the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Ms. Hassan) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2315, a bill to 
provide for the creation of the missing Armed Forces and civilian 
personnel Records Collection at the National Archives, to require the 
expeditious public transmission to the Archivist and public disclosure 
of missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel records, and for other 
purposes.


                                S. 2377

  At the request of Ms. Warren, the name of the Senator from Minnesota 
(Ms. Klobuchar) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2377, a bill to amend 
title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve coverage of audiology 
services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes.


                                S. 2801

  At the request of Mrs. Murray, the name of the Senator from Arizona 
(Ms. Sinema) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2801, a bill to improve the 
reproductive assistance provided by the Department of Defense and the 
Department of Veterans Affairs to certain members of the Armed Forces, 
veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other purposes.


                                S. 3439

  At the request of Mr. Coons, the names of the Senator from Indiana 
(Mr. Young), the Senator from California (Mr. Padilla), the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. 
Heinrich) were added as cosponsors of S. 3439, a bill to strengthen and 
enhance the competitiveness of cement, concrete, asphalt binder, and 
asphalt mixture production in the United States through the research, 
development, demonstration, and commercial application of technologies 
to reduce emissions from cement, concrete, asphalt binder, and asphalt 
mixture production, and for other purposes.


                                S. 3575

  At the request of Mr. Braun, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin 
(Ms. Baldwin) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3575, a bill to amend the 
Public Health Service Act to give a preference, with respect to project 
grants for preventive health services, for States that allow all 
trained individuals to carry and administer epinephrine, and for other 
purposes.


                                S. 3751

  At the request of Mr. Ossoff, the name of the Senator from Oregon 
(Mr. Merkley) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3751, a bill to expand and 
modify the grant program of the Department of Veterans Affairs to 
provide innovative transportation options to veterans in highly rural 
areas, and for other purposes.


                                S. 4075

  At the request of Mr. Hagerty, the name of the Senator from North 
Dakota (Mr. Cramer) was added as a cosponsor of S. 4075, a bill to 
prohibit payment card networks and covered entities from requiring the 
use of or assigning merchant category codes that distinguish a firearms 
retailer from a general merchandise retailer or sporting goods 
retailer, and for other purposes.


                                S. 4163

  At the request of Mr. Risch, the name of the Senator from Mississippi 
(Mrs. Hyde-Smith) was added as a cosponsor of S. 4163, a bill to 
require a report on the United States supply of nitrocellulose.


                                S. 4425

  At the request of Mrs. Shaheen, the name of the Senator from Maryland 
(Mr. Van Hollen) was added as a cosponsor of S. 4425, a bill to support 
democracy and the rule of law in Georgia, and for other purposes.


                                S. 4503

  At the request of Ms. Warren, the name of the Senator from Oregon 
(Mr. Merkley) was added as a cosponsor of S. 4503, a bill to prevent 
exploitative private equity practices, and for other purposes.


                                S. 4510

  At the request of Mrs. Blackburn, the name of the Senator from 
Michigan (Mr. Peters) was added as a cosponsor of S. 4510, a bill to 
amend the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 to delay implementation 
of the inclusion of oral-only ESRD-related drugs in the Medicare ESRD 
prospective payment system.


                                S. 4815

  At the request of Mr. Romney, the name of the Senator from South 
Dakota (Mr. Rounds) was added as a cosponsor of S. 4815, a bill to 
prohibit the mass cancellation of student loans.


                                S. 4888

  At the request of Mr. Welch, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. 
Cruz) was added as a cosponsor of S.

[[Page S6099]]

4888, a bill to include Czechia in the list of foreign states whose 
nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E-1 
nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the 
Government of Czechia.


                                S. 5021

  At the request of Mr. Welch, the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. 
Merkley) was added as a cosponsor of S. 5021, a bill to ensure the 
accessibility of drugs furnished through the drug discount program 
under section 340B of the Public Health Service Act.


                                S. 5051

  At the request of Mr. Fetterman, the name of the Senator from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. Casey) was added as a cosponsor of S. 5051, a bill to 
amend the National Trails System Act to direct the Secretary of the 
Interior to conduct a study on the feasibility of designating 
Washington's Trail--1753 as a national historic trail, and for other 
purposes.


                             S.J. RES. 103

  At the request of Mrs. Blackburn, the names of the Senator from Idaho 
(Mr. Crapo), the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. Ricketts) and the Senator 
from Alabama (Mrs. Britt) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 103, a 
joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 
8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal 
Communications Commission relating to ``Safeguarding and Securing the 
Open Internet; Restoring Internet Freedom''.


                              S. RES. 669

  At the request of Mrs. Blackburn, the names of the Senator from Utah 
(Mr. Romney) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito) were 
added as cosponsors of S. Res. 669, a resolution designating October 
10, 2024, as ``American Girls in Sports Day''.


                              S. RES. 821

  At the request of Mr. Reed, the name of the Senator from New Jersey 
(Mr. Booker) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 821, a resolution 
expressing support for designation of the week of September 15 through 
21, 2024, as ``National Adult Education and Family Literacy Week''.


                           AMENDMENT NO. 2880

  At the request of Mr. Mullin, the name of the Senator from Alaska 
(Mr. Sullivan) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2880 intended 
to be proposed to S. 4638, a bill to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2025 for military activities of the Department of Defense, 
for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department 
of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6099-S6100]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

      By Mr. DURBIN:
  S. 5072. A bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to establish 
additional requirements for dealers, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry.
  Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of 
the bill be printed in the Record.
  There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be 
printed in the Record, as follows:

                                S. 5072

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Puppy Protection Act of 
     2024''.

     SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR DEALERS.

       (a) Humane Treatment of Dogs by Dealers.--Section 13(a) of 
     the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2143(a)) is amended by 
     adding at the end the following:
       ``(9) In addition to the requirements under paragraph (2), 
     the standards described in paragraph (1) shall, with respect 
     to dealers, include requirements--
       ``(A) that the dealer provide adequate housing for dogs 
     that includes--
       ``(i) completely solid flooring;
       ``(ii) indoor space sufficient to allow the tallest dog in 
     an enclosure to stand on his or her hind legs without 
     touching the roof of the enclosure;
       ``(iii) with respect to dogs over 8 weeks in age, primary 
     enclosures that, with the length of the dog measured from the 
     tip of the nose to the base of the tail, provide at least--
       ``(I) 12 square feet of indoor floor space per each dog 
     measuring not more than 25 inches long;
       ``(II) 20 square feet of indoor floor space per each dog 
     measuring more than 25 but less than 35 inches long; and
       ``(III) 30 square feet of indoor floor space per each dog 
     measuring not less than 35 inches long;
       ``(iv) enclosures that are not stacked or otherwise placed 
     on top of or below another enclosure; and
       ``(v) temperature control that--
       ``(I) is appropriate for the age, breed, and condition of 
     each dog in the enclosure; and
       ``(II) is between 45 and 85 degrees Fahrenheit, when dogs 
     are present in the enclosure;
       ``(B) that appropriate and nutritious food be provided to 
     each dog at least twice per day, in an amount sufficient to 
     maintain the good health and physical condition of each dog;
       ``(C) that each dog has continuous access to potable water 
     that is not frozen and is free of feces, algae, and other 
     contaminants;
       ``(D) that each dog has adequate exercise, including, for 
     each dog over the age of 12 weeks--
       ``(i) except as provided in clause (ii), unrestricted 
     access from the primary enclosure of the dog during daylight 
     hours to an outdoor exercise area that--
       ``(I) is at ground-level;
       ``(II) is a solid surface;
       ``(III) is enclosed by a fence or other structure;
       ``(IV) is properly controlled for the safety of the dog; 
     and
       ``(V) allows the dog to extend to full stride, play, and 
     engage in other types of mentally stimulating and social 
     behaviors; or
       ``(ii) if the dealer obtains a certification from the 
     attending veterinarian stating that a dog should not have 
     unrestricted access to an outdoor exercise area for a 
     specific medical reason, an alternative exercise plan 
     prescribed by the veterinarian for the dog that meets the 
     applicable requirements under section 3.8 of title 9, Code of 
     Federal Regulations (or successor regulations);
       ``(E) that each dog has meaningful socialization with 
     humans and compatible dogs for at least 30 minutes each day 
     that--
       ``(i) includes positive interaction with a human such as 
     petting, stroking, grooming, feeding, playing with, 
     exercising, or other touching of the dog that is beneficial 
     to the well-being of the dog; and
       ``(ii) does not include time spent in veterinary care;
       ``(F) that each dog receives adequate veterinary care, 
     including--
       ``(i) prompt treatment of any disease, illness, or injury 
     by a licensed veterinarian;
       ``(ii) a thorough, hands-on examination by a licensed 
     veterinarian at least once each year, which shall include a 
     dental exam;
       ``(iii) core vaccinations recommended by the latest version 
     of the American Animal Hospital Association Canine 
     Vaccination Guidelines; and
       ``(iv) medications to prevent intestinal parasites, 
     heartworm disease, fleas, and ticks that are approved by a 
     licensed veterinarian for canine use;
       ``(G) with respect to safe breeding practices for dogs, 
     including--
       ``(i) a screening program for known prevalent inheritable 
     diseases that may be disabling or likely to significantly 
     affect the lifespan or quality of life of the mother or the 
     offspring;
       ``(ii) prohibiting breeding, unless each dog bred--
       ``(I) has been screened by a licensed veterinarian prior to 
     each attempt to breed; and
       ``(II) is found in the screening under subclause (I) to be 
     free from health conditions that may be disabling to, or 
     likely to significantly affect the lifespan or quality of 
     life of, the mother or the offspring;
       ``(iii) prohibiting the breeding of a female dog to 
     produce--
       ``(I) more than 2 litters in any 18-month period; or
       ``(II) more than 6 litters during the lifetime of the dog;
       ``(iv) that a female dog of any small breed (having a 
     maximum weight range at maturity that is less than 40 pounds) 
     not be bred--
       ``(I) before reaching the age of 18 months; or
       ``(II) after reaching the age of 9 years;
       ``(v) that a female dog of any large breed (having an 
     expected weight range at maturity that includes 40 or more 
     pounds) not be bred--
       ``(I) before reaching the age of 2 years; or
       ``(II) after reaching the age of 7 years; and
       ``(vi) that any canine caesarian section be performed by a 
     licensed veterinarian;
       ``(H) that dogs be housed with other dogs, unless health or 
     behavioral issues make group housing unsafe; and
       ``(I) to make all reasonable efforts to find humane 
     placement for retired breeding dogs--
       ``(i) such as with an adoptive family, rescue organization, 
     or other appropriate owner for that dog; and
       ``(ii) not including selling at auction or otherwise 
     placing a retired breeding dog with another breeder for 
     breeding purposes.''.
       (b) Conforming Amendment.--Section 13(a)(2)(B) of the 
     Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2143(a)(2)(B)) is amended by 
     inserting ``subject to paragraph (9),'' before ``for exercise 
     of dogs''.
       (c) Regulations.--Not later than 18 months after the date 
     of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue final 
     regulations establishing the standards for the care

[[Page S6100]]

     of dogs by dealers, as required by this section and the 
     amendments made by this section.
                                 ______








[Pages S6099-S6100]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




          STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS

      By Mr. DURBIN:
  S. 5072. A bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to establish 
additional requirements for dealers, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry.
  Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of 
the bill be printed in the Record.
  There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be 
printed in the Record, as follows:

                                S. 5072

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Puppy Protection Act of 
     2024''.

     SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR DEALERS.

       (a) Humane Treatment of Dogs by Dealers.--Section 13(a) of 
     the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2143(a)) is amended by 
     adding at the end the following:
       ``(9) In addition to the requirements under paragraph (2), 
     the standards described in paragraph (1) shall, with respect 
     to dealers, include requirements--
       ``(A) that the dealer provide adequate housing for dogs 
     that includes--
       ``(i) completely solid flooring;
       ``(ii) indoor space sufficient to allow the tallest dog in 
     an enclosure to stand on his or her hind legs without 
     touching the roof of the enclosure;
       ``(iii) with respect to dogs over 8 weeks in age, primary 
     enclosures that, with the length of the dog measured from the 
     tip of the nose to the base of the tail, provide at least--
       ``(I) 12 square feet of indoor floor space per each dog 
     measuring not more than 25 inches long;
       ``(II) 20 square feet of indoor floor space per each dog 
     measuring more than 25 but less than 35 inches long; and
       ``(III) 30 square feet of indoor floor space per each dog 
     measuring not less than 35 inches long;
       ``(iv) enclosures that are not stacked or otherwise placed 
     on top of or below another enclosure; and
       ``(v) temperature control that--
       ``(I) is appropriate for the age, breed, and condition of 
     each dog in the enclosure; and
       ``(II) is between 45 and 85 degrees Fahrenheit, when dogs 
     are present in the enclosure;
       ``(B) that appropriate and nutritious food be provided to 
     each dog at least twice per day, in an amount sufficient to 
     maintain the good health and physical condition of each dog;
       ``(C) that each dog has continuous access to potable water 
     that is not frozen and is free of feces, algae, and other 
     contaminants;
       ``(D) that each dog has adequate exercise, including, for 
     each dog over the age of 12 weeks--
       ``(i) except as provided in clause (ii), unrestricted 
     access from the primary enclosure of the dog during daylight 
     hours to an outdoor exercise area that--
       ``(I) is at ground-level;
       ``(II) is a solid surface;
       ``(III) is enclosed by a fence or other structure;
       ``(IV) is properly controlled for the safety of the dog; 
     and
       ``(V) allows the dog to extend to full stride, play, and 
     engage in other types of mentally stimulating and social 
     behaviors; or
       ``(ii) if the dealer obtains a certification from the 
     attending veterinarian stating that a dog should not have 
     unrestricted access to an outdoor exercise area for a 
     specific medical reason, an alternative exercise plan 
     prescribed by the veterinarian for the dog that meets the 
     applicable requirements under section 3.8 of title 9, Code of 
     Federal Regulations (or successor regulations);
       ``(E) that each dog has meaningful socialization with 
     humans and compatible dogs for at least 30 minutes each day 
     that--
       ``(i) includes positive interaction with a human such as 
     petting, stroking, grooming, feeding, playing with, 
     exercising, or other touching of the dog that is beneficial 
     to the well-being of the dog; and
       ``(ii) does not include time spent in veterinary care;
       ``(F) that each dog receives adequate veterinary care, 
     including--
       ``(i) prompt treatment of any disease, illness, or injury 
     by a licensed veterinarian;
       ``(ii) a thorough, hands-on examination by a licensed 
     veterinarian at least once each year, which shall include a 
     dental exam;
       ``(iii) core vaccinations recommended by the latest version 
     of the American Animal Hospital Association Canine 
     Vaccination Guidelines; and
       ``(iv) medications to prevent intestinal parasites, 
     heartworm disease, fleas, and ticks that are approved by a 
     licensed veterinarian for canine use;
       ``(G) with respect to safe breeding practices for dogs, 
     including--
       ``(i) a screening program for known prevalent inheritable 
     diseases that may be disabling or likely to significantly 
     affect the lifespan or quality of life of the mother or the 
     offspring;
       ``(ii) prohibiting breeding, unless each dog bred--
       ``(I) has been screened by a licensed veterinarian prior to 
     each attempt to breed; and
       ``(II) is found in the screening under subclause (I) to be 
     free from health conditions that may be disabling to, or 
     likely to significantly affect the lifespan or quality of 
     life of, the mother or the offspring;
       ``(iii) prohibiting the breeding of a female dog to 
     produce--
       ``(I) more than 2 litters in any 18-month period; or
       ``(II) more than 6 litters during the lifetime of the dog;
       ``(iv) that a female dog of any small breed (having a 
     maximum weight range at maturity that is less than 40 pounds) 
     not be bred--
       ``(I) before reaching the age of 18 months; or
       ``(II) after reaching the age of 9 years;
       ``(v) that a female dog of any large breed (having an 
     expected weight range at maturity that includes 40 or more 
     pounds) not be bred--
       ``(I) before reaching the age of 2 years; or
       ``(II) after reaching the age of 7 years; and
       ``(vi) that any canine caesarian section be performed by a 
     licensed veterinarian;
       ``(H) that dogs be housed with other dogs, unless health or 
     behavioral issues make group housing unsafe; and
       ``(I) to make all reasonable efforts to find humane 
     placement for retired breeding dogs--
       ``(i) such as with an adoptive family, rescue organization, 
     or other appropriate owner for that dog; and
       ``(ii) not including selling at auction or otherwise 
     placing a retired breeding dog with another breeder for 
     breeding purposes.''.
       (b) Conforming Amendment.--Section 13(a)(2)(B) of the 
     Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2143(a)(2)(B)) is amended by 
     inserting ``subject to paragraph (9),'' before ``for exercise 
     of dogs''.
       (c) Regulations.--Not later than 18 months after the date 
     of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue final 
     regulations establishing the standards for the care

[[Page S6100]]

     of dogs by dealers, as required by this section and the 
     amendments made by this section.
                                 ______
                                 
      By Mr. PADILLA (for himself and Ms. Butler):
  S. 5075. A bill to provide for the water quality restoration of the 
Tijuana River and the New River, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Environment and Public Works.
  Mr. PADILLA. Mr. President, I rise to introduce the Border Water 
Quality Restoration and Protection Act. This bill aims to reduce 
pollution along the U.S.-Mexico border and improve water quality of the 
Tijuana River and New River.
  The bill would designate the Environmental Protection Agency as the 
lead Agency to coordinate all Federal, State, Tribal, and local 
agencies to build and maintain needed infrastructure projects to 
decrease pollution along the border.
  The Tijuana River watershed is in the midst of an environmental 
crisis, as stormwater flows from the upper watershed, originating in 
Tijuana, Mexico, and carries pollutants such as bacteria, trash, and 
sediment that severely affect water quality.
  In just the last 5 years, more than 100 billion gallons of toxic 
sewage, trash, and unmanaged stormwater has flowed across the United 
States-Mexico border into the Tijuana River Valley and neighboring 
communities, forcing long-lasting beach closures and creating 
significant negative impacts on water quality, public health, and the 
environment.
  This transboundary pollution crisis has disproportionately harmed 
underserved communities along San Diego's southern border for decades. 
U.S. military personnel, Border Patrol agents, and the local 
environment and economy have also suffered harmful impacts from 
waterborne and airborne transboundary sewage flows.
  This bill will build upon the past several years of work I have 
undertaken alongside the late Senator Feinstein to bolster the 
resources of the Environmental Protection Agency and the International 
Boundary and Water Commission to repair, rehabilitate, and expand the 
South Bay International Wastewater Treatment Plant, including securing 
$300 million in the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement and more than $100 
million through fiscal year 2024 appropriations legislation.
  Establishing a program for the Tijuana and New Rivers is critical for 
the EPA to integrate and coordinate water quality restoration and 
protection activities by stakeholders across the region and will 
facilitate better coordination by Federal, State, Tribal, local, 
public, nonprofit, and other relevant stakeholders.
  California communities have suffered the impacts of transboundary 
sewage for too long, and this legislation will facilitate long-awaited 
solutions to manage stormwater flows to reduce negative impacts to 
nearby communities and the regional economy and restore water quality 
and ecosystems throughout these watersheds.
  I want to thank my colleagues, especially Congressman Juan Vargas, 
for introducing this bill with me. I hope my colleagues will join me to 
pass the Border Water Quality Restoration and Protection Act to address 
this public health and environmental crisis.

                          ____________________








[Page S6100]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

      By Mr. PADILLA (for himself and Ms. Butler):
  S. 5075. A bill to provide for the water quality restoration of the 
Tijuana River and the New River, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Environment and Public Works.
  Mr. PADILLA. Mr. President, I rise to introduce the Border Water 
Quality Restoration and Protection Act. This bill aims to reduce 
pollution along the U.S.-Mexico border and improve water quality of the 
Tijuana River and New River.
  The bill would designate the Environmental Protection Agency as the 
lead Agency to coordinate all Federal, State, Tribal, and local 
agencies to build and maintain needed infrastructure projects to 
decrease pollution along the border.
  The Tijuana River watershed is in the midst of an environmental 
crisis, as stormwater flows from the upper watershed, originating in 
Tijuana, Mexico, and carries pollutants such as bacteria, trash, and 
sediment that severely affect water quality.
  In just the last 5 years, more than 100 billion gallons of toxic 
sewage, trash, and unmanaged stormwater has flowed across the United 
States-Mexico border into the Tijuana River Valley and neighboring 
communities, forcing long-lasting beach closures and creating 
significant negative impacts on water quality, public health, and the 
environment.
  This transboundary pollution crisis has disproportionately harmed 
underserved communities along San Diego's southern border for decades. 
U.S. military personnel, Border Patrol agents, and the local 
environment and economy have also suffered harmful impacts from 
waterborne and airborne transboundary sewage flows.
  This bill will build upon the past several years of work I have 
undertaken alongside the late Senator Feinstein to bolster the 
resources of the Environmental Protection Agency and the International 
Boundary and Water Commission to repair, rehabilitate, and expand the 
South Bay International Wastewater Treatment Plant, including securing 
$300 million in the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement and more than $100 
million through fiscal year 2024 appropriations legislation.
  Establishing a program for the Tijuana and New Rivers is critical for 
the EPA to integrate and coordinate water quality restoration and 
protection activities by stakeholders across the region and will 
facilitate better coordination by Federal, State, Tribal, local, 
public, nonprofit, and other relevant stakeholders.
  California communities have suffered the impacts of transboundary 
sewage for too long, and this legislation will facilitate long-awaited 
solutions to manage stormwater flows to reduce negative impacts to 
nearby communities and the regional economy and restore water quality 
and ecosystems throughout these watersheds.
  I want to thank my colleagues, especially Congressman Juan Vargas, 
for introducing this bill with me. I hope my colleagues will join me to 
pass the Border Water Quality Restoration and Protection Act to address 
this public health and environmental crisis.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6100-S6101]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS

                                 ______
                                 

SENATE RESOLUTION 822--DESIGNATING SEPTEMBER 2024 AS ``NATIONAL VOTING 
                             RIGHTS MONTH''

  Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. Coons, Mr. King, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. 
Padilla, Mr. Whitehouse, Mr. Cardin, Mr. Kaine, Ms. Cantwell, Ms. 
Baldwin, Mrs. Shaheen, Mr. Welch, Mr. Casey, Ms. Stabenow, Mr. 
Fetterman, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Brown, Mr. Booker, Ms. Butler, Ms. 
Klobuchar, Mr. Warner, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Reed, Mr. Lujan, Mr. Markey, Mr. 
Van Hollen, Mr. Sanders, Ms. Smith, Mr. Carper, and Mr. Merkley) 
submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee 
on the Judiciary:

                              S. Res. 822

       Whereas voting is 1 of the single most important rights 
     that can be exercised in a democracy;
       Whereas, over the course of history, various voter 
     suppression laws in the United States have hindered, and even 
     prohibited, certain individuals and groups from exercising 
     the right to vote;
       Whereas, during the 19th and early 20th centuries, Native 
     Americans and people who were born to United States citizens 
     abroad, people who spoke a language other than English, and 
     people who were formerly subjected to slavery were denied 
     full citizenship and prevented from voting by English 
     literacy tests;
       Whereas, since the 1870s, minority groups such as Black 
     Americans in the South have suffered from the oppressive 
     effects of Jim Crow laws that were designed to prevent 
     political, economic, and social mobility;
       Whereas Black Americans, Latinos, Asian Americans, Native 
     Americans, and other underrepresented voters were subject to 
     violence, poll taxes, literacy tests, all-White primaries, 
     property ownership tests, and grandfather clauses that were 
     designed to suppress the right of those underrepresented 
     individuals to vote;
       Whereas, as of 2022, 4,400,000 people in the United States 
     were disenfranchised from voting because of a felony 
     conviction, including 1 in 16 Black adults, due to the 
     shameful entanglement of racial injustice in the criminal 
     legal system and voting access in the United States;
       Whereas members of the aforementioned groups and others are 
     currently, in some cases, subject to intimidation, voter roll 
     purges, and financial barriers that act effectively as 
     modern-day poll taxes;
       Whereas, in 1965, Congress passed the Voting Rights Act of 
     1965 (52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.) to protect the right of Black 
     Americans and other traditionally disenfranchised groups to 
     vote, among other reasons;
       Whereas, in 2013, in the landmark case of Shelby County v. 
     Holder, 570 U.S. 529 (2013), the Supreme Court of the United 
     States invalidated section 4 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 
     (52 U.S.C. 10303), dismantling the preclearance formula 
     provision in that Act that protected voters in States and 
     localities that historically have suppressed the right of 
     minorities to vote;
       Whereas, since the invalidation of the preclearance formula 
     provision of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10301 
     et seq.), gerrymandered districts in many States have gone 
     unchallenged and have become less likely to be invalidated by 
     the courts;
       Whereas gerrymandered districts in many States have been 
     found to have a discriminatory impact on traditionally 
     disenfranchised minorities through tactics that include 
     ``cracking'', diluting the voting power of minorities across 
     many districts, and ``packing'', concentrating the power of 
     minority voters into 1 district to reduce their voting power 
     in other districts;
       Whereas the courts have found the congressional and, in 
     some cases, State legislative district maps in Texas, North 
     Carolina, Florida, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Wisconsin, Alabama, 
     and Louisiana to be gerrymandered districts that were created 
     to favor some groups over others;
       Whereas these restrictive voting laws encompass cutbacks in 
     early voting, voter roll purges, placement of faulty 
     equipment in minority communities, requirement of photo 
     identification, and the elimination of same-day registration;
       Whereas these policies could outright disenfranchise or 
     make voting much more difficult for more than 80,000,000 
     minority, elderly, poor, and disabled voters, among other 
     groups;
       Whereas, in 2016, discriminatory laws in North Carolina, 
     Wisconsin, North Dakota, and Texas were ruled to violate the 
     rights of voters and were overturned by the courts;
       Whereas the decision of the Supreme Court of the United 
     States in Shelby County v. Holder, 570 U.S. 529 (2013), calls 
     on Congress to update the formula in the Voting Rights Act of 
     1965 (52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.);
       Whereas addressing the challenges of administering future 
     elections requires increasing the accessibility of vote-by-
     mail and other limited-contact options to ensure access to 
     the ballot and the protection of the health and safety of 
     voters, and access to the ballot amid a global pandemic like 
     the Coronavirus Disease 2019 public health emergency;
       Whereas Congress must work to combat any attempts to 
     dismantle or underfund the United States Postal Service or 
     obstruct the passage of the mail as blatant tactics of voter 
     suppression and election interference;
       Whereas following the 2020 elections there has been a 
     relentless attack on the right to vote with more than 400 
     bills having been introduced to roll back the right to vote, 
     including such bills being introduced in almost every State 
     and at least 44 of such bills having been signed into law in 
     18 States;
       Whereas there is much more work to be done to ensure all 
     citizens of the United States have the right to vote through 
     free, fair, and accessible elections, and Congress must 
     exercise its constitutional authority to protect the right to 
     vote;
       Whereas National Voter Registration Day in 2024 is Tuesday, 
     September 17; and
       Whereas September 2024 would be an appropriate month--
       (1) to designate as ``National Voting Rights Month''; and
       (2) to ensure that, through the registration of voters and 
     awareness of elections, the democracy of the United States 
     includes all citizens of the United States: Now, therefore, 
     be it
       Resolved, That the Senate--

[[Page S6101]]

       (1) designates September 2024 as ``National Voting Rights 
     Month'';
       (2) encourages all people in the United States to uphold 
     the right of every citizen to exercise the sacred and 
     fundamental right to vote;
       (3) encourages Congress to pass--
       (A) the Freedom to Vote Act (S. 1, H. R. 11, 118th 
     Congress), to set basic national standards to make sure all 
     people in the United States can cast their ballots in the way 
     that works best for them, regardless of what ZIP code they 
     live in, improve access to the ballot for people in the 
     United States, advance commonsense election integrity 
     reforms, and protect the democracy of the United States from 
     relentless attacks;
       (B) the Democracy Restoration Act of 2023 (S. 1677, H. R. 
     4987, 118th Congress), to restore Federal voting rights to 
     citizens after release from imprisonment, honoring the 
     responsibilities of citizenship and civic engagement 
     necessary for building healthy and safe communities, while 
     welcoming the contributions of people returning home after 
     imprisonment; and
       (C) other voting rights legislation that seeks to advance 
     voting rights and protect elections in the United States;
       (4) recommends that public schools and universities in the 
     United States develop an academic curriculum that educates 
     students about--
       (A) the importance of voting, how to register to vote, 
     where to vote, and the different forms of voting;
       (B) the history of voter suppression in the United States 
     before and after passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 
     U.S.C. 10301 et seq.); and
       (C) current measures that have been taken to restrict the 
     vote;
       (5) expresses appreciation for the United States Postal 
     Service having issued a special Representative John R. Lewis 
     stamp--
       (A) to honor the life and legacy of Representative John R. 
     Lewis in supporting voting rights; and
       (B) to remind people in the United States that ordinary 
     citizens risked their lives, marched, and participated in the 
     great democracy of the United States so that all citizens 
     would have the fundamental right to vote; and
       (6) invites Congress to allocate the requisite funds for 
     public service announcements on television, radio, 
     newspapers, magazines, social media, billboards, buses, and 
     other forms of media--
       (A) to remind people in the United States when elections 
     are being held;
       (B) to share important registration deadlines; and
       (C) to urge people to get out and vote.

                          ____________________








[Page S6101]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




    SENATE RESOLUTION 823--RECOGNIZING HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH AND 
 CELEBRATING THE HERITAGE AND CULTURE OF LATINOS IN THE UNITED STATES 
     AND THE IMMENSE CONTRIBUTIONS OF LATINOS TO THE UNITED STATES

  Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Mr. Cornyn, Mr. Cassidy, Ms. Baldwin, 
Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Booker, Ms. Butler, Mr. Cardin, Ms. 
Collins, Ms. Duckworth, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Hagerty, Mr. Fetterman, Mr. 
Kaine, Mr. King, Mr. Kelly, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Heinrich, Mr. 
Hickenlooper, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Lujan, Mr. Markey, Mr. Ossoff, Mr. 
Padilla, Mr. Reed, Ms. Rosen, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Schatz, Ms. Sinema, Mrs. 
Shaheen, Ms. Stabenow, Mr. Van Hollen, Mr. Warner, Ms. Warren, Mr. 
Warnock, Mr. Wyden, Ms. Cantwell, Mr. Helmy, Mr. Rubio, Mr. Schumer, 
Mr. Coons, Ms. Smith, Ms. Hassan, Mr. Casey, and Mr. Scott of Florida) 
submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to:

                              S. Res. 823

       Whereas, from September 15, 2024, through October 15, 2024, 
     the United States celebrates Hispanic Heritage Month;
       Whereas the Bureau of the Census estimates the Hispanic 
     population living in the 50 States at more than 65,000,000 
     people, plus more than 3,200,000 people living in the 
     Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, making Hispanic Americans 
     approximately 19.5 percent or \1/5\ of the total population 
     of the United States and the largest racial or ethnic 
     minority group in the United States;
       Whereas, in 2023, there were 1,000,000 or more Hispanic 
     residents in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and in each of 
     the States of Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, 
     Georgia, Illinois, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North 
     Carolina, Pennsylvania, Texas, and Washington;
       Whereas, from 2022 to 2024, the Latino population in the 
     United States grew by 1.8 percent or 1,200,000 residents;
       Whereas, from 2010 to 2022, Latinos grew the population of 
     the United States by 13,080,000 individuals, accounting for 
     more than \1/2\ of the total population growth of the United 
     States during that period;
       Whereas the Latino population in the United States is 
     projected to increase by nearly 8 percent by 2060;
       Whereas, in 2020, approximately 18,800,000 children, or 25 
     percent of all children, in the United States were Hispanic;
       Whereas 28 percent of public school students in the United 
     States are Latino, and 9 percent of kindergarten through 12th 
     grade teachers are Latino;
       Whereas, since 2010, the share of Hispanic adults with at 
     least some college education has increased by 9 percent;
       Whereas approximately 3,800,000 Hispanic students are 
     enrolled in higher education, and enrollment of Hispanic 
     students is expected to exceed 4,300,000 by 2026;
       Whereas an estimated 36,200,000 Latinos are eligible to 
     vote in the 2024 Presidential election, increasing the 
     eligible Hispanic voters from the 2020 Presidential election 
     by 12 percent and representing 14.7 percent of the electorate 
     in the United States;
       Whereas approximately 1 in every 5 Hispanic voters are 
     expected to vote in their first presidential election in 
     November 2024;
       Whereas, as of 2024, each year approximately 1,400,000 
     Latino citizens of the United States become eligible to vote;
       Whereas it is estimated that 77,247,271 Hispanics will be 
     18 years of age or older, thus eligible to vote, by 2060;
       Whereas it is estimated that, as of 2023, the purchasing 
     power of Hispanic Americans is $3,400,000,000,000;
       Whereas, measured by gross domestic product, the economy of 
     Latinos in the United States ranks as the fifth largest in 
     the world;
       Whereas, as of 2023, Latino-owned businesses have created 
     nearly \2/3\ of all new jobs in the United States and 
     contribute more than $100,000,000,000 in annual payroll;
       Whereas, in 2021, Latinas in the United States contributed 
     approximately $1,300,000,000,000 to the gross domestic 
     product;
       Whereas there are approximately 5,000,000 Hispanic-owned 
     businesses in the United States, supporting millions of 
     employees nationwide and contributing more than 
     $800,000,000,000 in revenue to the economy of the United 
     States;
       Whereas, between 2007 and 2020, the number of Hispanic-
     owned businesses grew by 34 percent, representing the fastest 
     growing segment of small businesses in the United States;
       Whereas, as of 2023, Latino workers represented 
     approximately 19.1 percent of the total civilian labor force 
     of the United States, and, as a result of Latinos 
     experiencing the fastest population growth of all race and 
     ethnicity groups in the United States, the rate of Latino 
     participation in the labor force is expected to grow;
       Whereas, as of 2024, 67.5 percent of all Latinos in the 
     United States participate in the labor force;
       Whereas, as of 2024, 6.3 percent of chief executives in the 
     United States are Latino, 9.7 percent of lawyers are Latino, 
     2.5 percent of postsecondary teachers are Latino, and 11.4 
     percent of civil engineers are Latino, all who contribute to 
     the United States through their professions;
       Whereas Hispanic Americans serve in all branches of the 
     Armed Forces and have fought bravely in every war in the 
     history of the United States since the American Revolution;
       Whereas, as of 2024--
       (1) more than 257,842 Hispanic members of the Armed Forces 
     serve on active duty; and
       (2) there are approximately 1,336,206 Hispanic veterans of 
     the Armed Forces, including approximately 163,264 Latinas;

       Whereas, in the Korean war, the 65th Infantry Regiment of 
     the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, known as the 
     ``Borinqueneers'', was the only active duty, segregated 
     Latino military unit in the history of the United States and 
     earned more than 2,700 Purple Hearts, 9 Distinguished Service 
     Crosses, and a Congressional Gold Medal for their service;
       Whereas 59 Hispanic Americans have received the 
     Congressional Medal of Honor, the highest award for valor in 
     action against an enemy force bestowed on an individual 
     serving in the Armed Forces;
       Whereas, in 2020, Congress established the National Museum 
     of the American Latino, which, when complete, will display 
     the achievements, diversity, and legacy of the Hispanic 
     community in the United States;
       Whereas Hispanic Americans are dedicated public servants, 
     holding posts at the highest levels of the Government of the 
     United States, including 1 seat on the Supreme Court, 5 seats 
     in the Senate, and 56 seats in the House of Representatives; 
     and
       Whereas Hispanic Americans harbor a deep commitment to 
     family and community, an enduring work ethic, and a 
     perseverance to succeed and contribute to society: Now, 
     therefore, be it
       Resolved, That the Senate--
       (1) recognizes the celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month 
     from September 15, 2024, through October 15, 2024;
       (2) esteems the integral role of Latinos and the manifold 
     heritages of Latinos in the economy, culture, and identity of 
     the United States; and
       (3) urges the people of the United States to observe 
     Hispanic Heritage Month with appropriate programs and 
     activities that celebrate the contributions of Latinos to the 
     United States.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6101-S6102]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED

       SA 3283. Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mrs. Shaheen) submitted 
     an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 
     4638, to

[[Page S6102]]

     authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2025 for military 
     activities of the Department of Defense, for military 
     construction, and for defense activities of the Department of 
     Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such 
     fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie 
     on the table.
       SA 3284. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. Casey, and Mr. 
     Sullivan) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
     him to the bill S. 4638, supra; which was ordered to lie on 
     the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6102-S6107]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

  SA 3283. Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mrs. Shaheen) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 4638, to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2025 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for 
defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military 
personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which 
was ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

       At the end of title X, add the following:

                 Subtitle I--Bring Our Heroes Home Act

     SEC. 1096. SHORT TITLE.

       This subtitle may be cited as the ``Bring Our Heroes Home 
     Act''.

     SEC. 1097. FINDINGS, DECLARATIONS, AND PURPOSES.

       (a) Findings and Declarations.--Congress finds and declares 
     the following:
       (1) A vast number of records relating to missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel have not been identified, 
     located, or transferred to the National Archives following 
     review and declassification. Only in the rarest cases is 
     there any legitimate need for continued protection of records 
     pertaining to missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel who 
     have been missing for decades.
       (2) There has been insufficient priority placed on 
     identifying, locating, reviewing, or declassifying records 
     relating to missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel and 
     then transferring the records to the National Archives for 
     public access.
       (3) Mandates for declassification set forth in multiple 
     Executive orders have been broadly written, loosely 
     interpreted, and often ignored by Federal agencies in 
     possession and control of records related to missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel.
       (4) No individual or entity has been tasked with oversight 
     of the identification, collection, review, and 
     declassification of records related to missing Armed Forces 
     and civilian personnel.
       (5) The interest, desire, workforce, and funding of Federal 
     agencies to assemble, review, and declassify records relating 
     to missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel have been 
     lacking.
       (6) All records of the Federal Government relating to 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel should be 
     preserved for historical and governmental purposes and for 
     public research.
       (7) All records of the Federal Government relating to 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel should carry a 
     presumption of declassification, and all such records should 
     be disclosed under this subtitle to enable the fullest 
     possible accounting for missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel.
       (8) Legislation is necessary to create an enforceable, 
     independent, and accountable process for the public 
     disclosure of records relating to missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel.
       (9) Legislation is necessary because section 552 of title 
     5, United States Code (commonly known as the ``Freedom of 
     Information Act''), as implemented by Federal agencies, has 
     prevented the timely public disclosure of records relating to 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel.
       (b) Purposes.--The purposes of this subtitle are--
       (1) to provide for the creation of the Missing Armed Forces 
     and Civilian Personnel Records Collection at the National 
     Archives; and
       (2) to require the expeditious public transmission to the 
     Archivist and public disclosure of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records, subject to narrow exceptions, as 
     set forth in this subtitle.

     SEC. 1098. DEFINITIONS.

       In this subtitle:
       (1) Archivist.--The term ``Archivist'' means Archivist of 
     the United States.
       (2) Collection.--The term ``Collection'' means the Missing 
     Armed Forces and Civilian Personnel Records Collection 
     established under section 1099(a).
       (3) Director.--The term ``Director'' means the Director of 
     the Office of Government Ethics.
       (4) Executive agency.--The term ``Executive agency''--
       (A) means an agency, as defined in section 552(f) of title 
     5, United States Code;
       (B) includes any Executive department, military department, 
     Government corporation, Government controlled corporation, or 
     other establishment in the executive branch of the Federal 
     Government, including the Executive Office of the President, 
     any branch of the Armed Forces, and any independent 
     regulatory agency; and
       (C) does not include any non-appropriated agency, 
     department, corporation, or establishment.
       (5) Executive branch missing armed forces and civilian 
     personnel record.--The term ``executive branch missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel record'' means a missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel record of an Executive agency, 
     or information contained in such a missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record obtained by or developed within the 
     executive branch of the Federal Government.
       (6) Government office.--The term ``Government office'' 
     means an Executive agency, the Library of Congress, or the 
     National Archives.
       (7) Missing armed forces and civilian personnel.--
       (A) Definition.--The term ``missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel'' means one or more missing persons; and
       (B) Inclusions.--The term ``missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel'' includes an individual who was a missing 
     person and whose status was later changed to ``missing and 
     presumed dead''.
       (8) Missing armed forces and civilian personnel record.--
     The term ``missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel 
     record'' means a record that relates, directly or indirectly, 
     to the loss, fate, or status of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel that--
       (A) was created or made available for use by, obtained by, 
     or otherwise came into the custody, possession, or control 
     of--
       (i) any Government office;
       (ii) any Presidential library; or
       (iii) any of the Armed Forces; and
       (B) relates to 1 or more missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel who became missing persons during the period--
       (i) beginning on December 7, 1941; and
       (ii) ending on the date of enactment of this Act.
       (9) Missing person.--The term ``missing person'' means--
       (A) a person described in paragraph (1) of section 1513 of 
     title 10, United States Code; and
       (B) any other civilian employee of the Federal Government 
     or an employee of a contractor of the Federal Government who 
     serves in direct support of, or accompanies, the Armed Forces 
     in the field under orders and who is in a missing status (as 
     that term is defined in paragraph (2) of such section 1513).
       (10) National archives.--The term ``National Archives''--
       (A) means the National Archives and Records Administration; 
     and
       (B) includes any component of the National Archives and 
     Records Administration (including Presidential archival 
     depositories established under section 2112 of title 44, 
     United States Code).
       (11) Official investigation.--The term ``official 
     investigation'' means a review, briefing, inquiry, or hearing 
     relating to missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel 
     conducted by a Presidential commission, committee of 
     Congress, or agency, regardless of whether it is conducted 
     independently, at the request of any Presidential commission 
     or committee of Congress, or at the request of any official 
     of the Federal Government.
       (12) Originating body.--The term ``originating body'' means 
     the Government office or other initial source that created a 
     record or particular information within a record.
       (13) Public interest.--The term ``public interest'' means 
     the compelling interest in the prompt public disclosure of 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel records for 
     historical and governmental purposes, for public research, 
     and for the purpose of fully informing the people of the 
     United States, most importantly families of missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel, about the fate of the missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel and the process by which 
     the Federal Government has sought to account for them.
       (14) Record.--The term ``record'' has the meaning given the 
     term ``records'' in section 3301 of title 44, United States 
     Code.
       (15) Review board.--The term ``Review Board'' means the 
     Missing Armed Forces and Civilian Personnel Records Review 
     Board established under section 1099C.

     SEC. 1099. MISSING ARMED FORCES AND CIVILIAN PERSONNEL 
                   RECORDS COLLECTION AT THE NATIONAL ARCHIVES.

       (a) Establishment of Collection.--Not later than 90 days 
     after a quorum of the Missing Armed Forces and Civilian 
     Personnel Records Review Board has been established under 
     section 1099C, the Archivist shall--
       (1) commence establishment of a collection of records to be 
     known as the ``Missing Armed Forces and Civilian Personnel 
     Records Collection'';
       (2) commence preparing the subject guidebook and index to 
     the Collection; and
       (3) establish criteria and acceptable formats for Executive 
     agencies to follow when transmitting copies of missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel records to the Archivist, to 
     include required metadata.
       (b) Regulations.--Not later than 90 days after the date of 
     the swearing in of the Board members, the Review Board shall 
     promulgate rules to establish guidelines and processes for 
     the disclosure of records contained in the Collection.
       (c) Oversight.--
       (1) Senate.--The Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs of the Senate shall have continuing 
     jurisdiction, including legislative oversight jurisdiction, 
     in the Senate with respect to the Collection.
       (2) House of representatives.--The Committee on Oversight 
     and Accountability of

[[Page S6103]]

     the House of Representatives shall have continuing 
     jurisdiction, including legislative oversight jurisdiction, 
     in the House of Representatives with respect to the 
     Collection.

     SEC. 1099A. REVIEW, IDENTIFICATION, TRANSMISSION TO THE 
                   NATIONAL ARCHIVES, AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF 
                   MISSING ARMED FORCES AND CIVILIAN PERSONNEL 
                   RECORDS BY GOVERNMENT OFFICES.

       (a) In General.--
       (1) Preparation.--As soon as practicable after the date of 
     enactment of this Act, and sufficiently in advance of the 
     deadlines established under this subtitle, each Government 
     office shall--
       (A) identify and locate any missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records in the custody, possession, or 
     control of the Government office, including intelligence 
     reports, congressional inquiries, memoranda to or from the 
     White House and other Federal departments and agencies, 
     Prisoner of War (POW) debriefings, live sighting reports, 
     documents relating to POW camps, movement of POWs, 
     exploitation of POWs, experimentation on POWs, or status 
     changes from Missing in Action (MIA) to Killed in Action 
     (KIA); and
       (B) prepare for transmission to the Archivist in accordance 
     with the criteria and acceptable formats established by the 
     Archivist a copy of any missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel records that have not previously been transmitted 
     to the Archivist by the Government office.
       (2) Certification.--Each Government office shall submit to 
     the Archivist, under penalty of perjury, a certification 
     indicating--
       (A) whether the Government office has conducted a thorough 
     search for all missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel 
     records in the custody, possession, or control of the 
     Government office; and
       (B) whether a copy of any missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel record has not been transmitted to the Archivist.
       (3) Preservation.--No missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel record shall be destroyed, altered, or mutilated in 
     any way.
       (4) Effect of previous disclosure.--Information that was 
     made available or disclosed to the public before the date of 
     enactment of this Act in a missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel record may not be withheld, redacted, postponed for 
     public disclosure, or reclassified.
       (5) Withheld and substantially redacted records.--For any 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record that is 
     transmitted to the Archivist which a Government office 
     proposes to substantially redact or withhold in full from 
     public access, the head of the Government office shall submit 
     an unclassified and publicly releasable report to the 
     Archivist, the Review Board, and each appropriate committee 
     of the Senate and the House of Representatives justifying the 
     decision of the Government office to substantially redact or 
     withhold the record by demonstrating that the release of 
     information would clearly and demonstrably be expected to 
     cause an articulated harm, and that the harm would be of such 
     gravity as to outweigh the public interest in access to the 
     information.
       (b) Review.--
       (1) In general.--Except as provided under paragraph (5), 
     not later than 180 days after a quorum of the Missing Armed 
     Forces and Civilian Personnel Records Review Board has been 
     established under section 1099C, each Government office 
     shall, in accordance with the criteria and acceptable formats 
     established by the Archivist--
       (A) identify, locate, copy, and review each missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel record in the custody, 
     possession, or control of the Government office for 
     transmission to the Archivist and disclosure to the public 
     or, if needed, review by the Review Board; and
       (B) cooperate fully, in consultation with the Archivist, in 
     carrying out paragraph (3).
       (2) Requirement.--The Review Board shall promulgate rules 
     for the disclosure of relevant records by Government offices 
     under paragraph (1).
       (3) National archives records.--Not later than 180 days 
     after a quorum of the Missing Armed Forces and Civilian 
     Personnel Records Review Board has been established under 
     section 1099C, the Archivist shall--
       (A) locate and identify all missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records in the custody of the National 
     Archives as of the date of enactment of this Act that remain 
     classified, in whole or in part;
       (B) notify a Government office if the Archivist locates and 
     identifies a record of the Government office under 
     subparagraph (A); and
       (C) make each classified missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel record located and identified under subparagraph 
     (A) available for review by Executive agencies through the 
     National Declassification Center established under Executive 
     Order 13526 or any successor order.
       (4) Records already public.--A missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record that is in the custody of the 
     National Archives on the date of enactment of this Act and 
     that has been publicly available in its entirety without 
     redaction shall be made available in the Collection without 
     any additional review by the Archivist, the Review Board, or 
     any other Government office under this subtitle.
       (5) Exemptions.--
       (A) Department of defense pow/mia accounting agency.--The 
     Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency (DPAA) is exempt from the 
     requirement under this subsection to declassify and transmit 
     to the Archivist documents in its custody or control that 
     pertain to a specific case or cases that DPAA is actively 
     investigating or developing for the purpose of locating, 
     disinterring, or identifying a missing member of the Armed 
     Forces
       (B) Department of defense military service casualty offices 
     and department of state service casualty offices.--The 
     Department of Defense Military Service Casualty Offices and 
     the Department of State Service Casualty Offices are exempt 
     from the requirement to declassify and transmit to the 
     Archivist documents in their custody or control that pertain 
     to individual cases with respect to which the office is 
     lending support and assistance to the families of missing 
     individuals.
       (c) Transmission to the National Archives.--Each Government 
     office shall--
       (1) not later than 180 days after a quorum of the Missing 
     Armed Forces and Civilian Personnel Records Review Board has 
     been established under section 1099C, commence transmission 
     to the Archivist of copies of the missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records in the custody, possession, or 
     control of the Government office; and
       (2) not later than 1 year after a quorum of the Missing 
     Armed Forces and Civilian Personnel Records Review Board has 
     been established under section 1099C, complete transmission 
     to the Archivist of copies of all missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records in the possession or control of 
     the Government office.
       (d) Periodic Review of Postponed Missing Armed Forces and 
     Civilian Personnel Records.--
       (1) In general.--All missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel records, or information within a missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel record, the public disclosure 
     of which has been postponed under the standards under this 
     subtitle shall be reviewed by the originating body--
       (A)(i) periodically, but not less than every 5 years, after 
     the date on which the Review Board terminates under section 
     1099C(o); and
       (ii) at the direction of the Archivist; and
       (B) consistent with the recommendations of the Review Board 
     under section 1099E(b)(3)(B).
       (2) Contents.--
       (A) In general.--A periodic review of a missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel record, or information within a 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record, by the 
     originating body shall address the public disclosure of the 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record under the 
     standards under this subtitle.
       (B) Continued postponement.--If an originating body 
     conducting a periodic review of a missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record, or information within a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record, the public 
     disclosure of which has been postponed under the standards 
     under this subtitle, determines that continued postponement 
     is required, the originating body shall provide to the 
     Archivist an unclassified written description of the reason 
     for the continued postponement that the Archivist shall 
     highlight and make accessible on a publicly accessible 
     website administered by the National Archives.
       (C) Scope.--The periodic review of postponed missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel records, or information within 
     a missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record, shall 
     serve the purpose stated in section 1097(b)(2), to provide 
     expeditious public disclosure of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records, to the fullest extent possible, 
     subject only to the grounds for postponement of disclosure 
     under section 1099B.
       (D) Disclosure absent certification by president.--Not 
     later than 10 years after a quorum of the Missing Armed 
     Forces and Civilian Personnel Records Review Board has been 
     established under section 1099C, all missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records, and information within a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record, shall be publicly 
     disclosed in full, and available in the Collection, unless--
       (i) the head of the originating body, Executive agency, or 
     other Government office recommends in writing that continued 
     postponement is necessary;
       (ii) the written recommendation described in clause (i)--

       (I) is provided to the Archivist in unclassified and 
     publicly releasable form not later than 180 days before the 
     date that is 10 years after a quorum of the Missing Armed 
     Forces and Civilian Personnel Records Review Board has been 
     established under section 1099C; and
       (II) includes--

       (aa) a justification of the recommendation to postpone 
     disclosure with clear and convincing evidence that the 
     identifiable harm is of such gravity that it outweighs the 
     public interest in disclosure; and
       (bb) a recommended specified time at which or a specified 
     occurrence following which the material may be appropriately 
     disclosed to the public under this subtitle;
       (iii) the Archivist transmits all recommended postponements 
     and the recommendation of the Archivist to the President not 
     later than 90 days before the date that is 10 years after the 
     date a quorum of the Missing Armed Forces and Civilian 
     Personnel Records Review Board has been established under 
     section 1099C; and
       (iv) the President transmits to the Archivist a 
     certification indicating that continued

[[Page S6104]]

     postponement is necessary and the identifiable harm, as 
     demonstrated by clear and convincing evidence, is of such 
     gravity that it outweighs the public interest in disclosure 
     not later than the date that is 10 years after the date a 
     quorum of the Missing Armed Forces and Civilian Personnel 
     Records Review Board has been established under section 
     1099C.

     SEC. 1099B. GROUNDS FOR POSTPONEMENT OF PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF 
                   RECORDS.

       (a) In General.--Disclosure to the public of a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record or particular 
     information in a missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel 
     record created after the date that is 25 years before the 
     date of the review of the missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel record by the Archivist may be postponed subject to 
     the limitations under this subtitle only--
       (1) if it pertains to--
       (A) military plans, weapons systems, or operations;
       (B) foreign government information;
       (C) intelligence activities (including covert action), 
     intelligence sources or methods, or cryptology;
       (D) foreign relations or foreign activities of the United 
     States, including confidential sources;
       (E) scientific, technological, or economic matters relating 
     to the national security;
       (F) United States Government programs for safeguarding 
     nuclear materials or facilities;
       (G) vulnerabilities or capabilities of systems, 
     installations, infrastructures, projects, plans, or 
     protection services relating to the national security; or
       (H) the development, production, or use of weapons of mass 
     destruction; and
       (2) the threat posed by the public disclosure of the 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record or 
     information is of such gravity that it outweighs the public 
     interest in disclosure.
       (b) Older Records.--Disclosure to the public of a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record or particular 
     information in a missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel 
     record created on or before the date that is 25 years before 
     the date of the review of the missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record by the Archivist may be postponed 
     subject to the limitations under this subtitle only if, as 
     demonstrated by clear and convincing evidence--
       (1) the release of the information would be expected to--
       (A) reveal the identity of a confidential human source, a 
     human intelligence source, a relationship with an 
     intelligence or security service of a foreign government or 
     international organization, or a nonhuman intelligence 
     source, or impair the effectiveness of an intelligence method 
     currently in use, available for use, or under development;
       (B) reveal information that would impair United States 
     cryptologic systems or activities;
       (C) reveal formally named or numbered United States 
     military war plans that remain in effect, or reveal 
     operational or tactical elements of prior plans that are 
     contained in such active plans; or
       (D) reveal information, including foreign government 
     information, that would cause serious harm to relations 
     between the United States and a foreign government, or to 
     ongoing diplomatic activities of the United States; and
       (2) the threat posed by the public disclosure of the 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record or 
     information is of such gravity that it outweighs the public 
     interest in disclosure.
       (c) Exception.--Regardless of the date on which a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record was created, 
     disclosure to the public of information in the missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel record may be postponed if--
       (1) the public disclosure of the information would reveal 
     the name or identity of a living person who provided 
     confidential information to the United States and would pose 
     a substantial risk of harm to that person;
       (2) the public disclosure of the information could 
     reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion 
     of personal privacy, and that invasion of privacy is so 
     substantial that it outweighs the public interest;
       (3) the public disclosure of the information could 
     reasonably be expected to cause harm to the methods currently 
     in use or available for use by members of the Armed Forces to 
     survive, evade, resist, or escape; or
       (4) the public disclosure of such information would 
     conflict with United States law or regulations.

     SEC. 1099C. ESTABLISHMENT AND POWERS OF THE MISSING ARMED 
                   FORCES AND CIVILIAN PERSONNEL RECORDS REVIEW 
                   BOARD.

       (a) Establishment.--There is established as an independent 
     establishment in the executive branch a board to be known as 
     the ``Missing Armed Forces and Civilian Personnel Records 
     Review Board'' to ensure and facilitate the review, 
     transmission to the Archivist, and public disclosure of 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel records.
       (b) Membership.--
       (1) Appointments.--The Review Board shall be composed of 5 
     members appointed by the President, of whom--
       (A) 1 shall be appointed in consultation with the Archivist 
     of the United States and by and with the advice and consent 
     of the Senate, and shall serve as the Chairperson of the 
     Review Board;
       (B) 1 shall be recommended by the majority leader of the 
     Senate;
       (C) 1 shall be recommended by the minority leader of the 
     Senate;
       (D) 1 shall be recommended by the Speaker of the House of 
     Representatives; and
       (E) 1 shall be recommended by the minority leader of the 
     House of Representatives.
       (2) Qualifications.--The members of the Review Board 
     shall--
       (A) be appointed without regard to political affiliation;
       (B) be citizens of the United States of integrity and 
     impartiality;
       (C) not be employees of an Executive agency on the date of 
     the appointment;
       (D) have high national professional reputation in their 
     fields and be capable of exercising the independent and 
     objective judgment necessary to the fulfillment of their role 
     in ensuring and facilitating the identification, location, 
     review, transmission to the Archivist, and public disclosure 
     of missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel records;
       (E) possess an appreciation of the value of missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel records to scholars, the 
     Federal Government, and the public, particularly families of 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel;
       (F) include at least 1 professional historian; and
       (G) include at least 1 attorney.
       (3) Consultation with the office of government ethics.--In 
     considering persons to be appointed to the Review Board, the 
     President shall consult with the Director of the Office of 
     Government Ethics to--
       (A) determine criteria for possible conflicts of interest 
     of members of the Review Board, consistent with ethics laws, 
     statutes, and regulations for executive branch employees; and
       (B) ensure that no individual selected for such position of 
     member of the Review Board possesses a conflict of interest 
     as so determined.
       (4) Consultation.--Appointments to the Review Board shall 
     be made after considering individuals recommended by the 
     American Historical Association, the Organization of American 
     Historians, the Society of American Archivists, the American 
     Bar Association, veterans' organizations, and organizations 
     representing families of missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel.
       (c) Security Clearances.--The appropriate departments, 
     agencies, and elements of the executive branch of the Federal 
     Government shall cooperate to ensure that an application by 
     an individual nominated to be a member of the Review Board, 
     seeking security clearances necessary to carry out the duties 
     of the Review Board, is expeditiously reviewed and granted or 
     denied.
       (d) Consideration by the Senate.--Nominations for 
     appointment under subsection (b)(1)(A) shall be referred to 
     the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs 
     of the Senate for consideration.
       (e) Vacancy.--Not later than 60 days after the date on 
     which a vacancy on the Review Board occurs, the vacancy shall 
     be filled in the same manner as specified for original 
     appointment.
       (f) Chairperson Needed for Quorum.--A majority of the 
     members of the Review Board, including the Chairperson 
     appointed and confirmed pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(A), 
     shall constitute a quorum.
       (g) Removal of Review Board Member.--
       (1) In general.--A member of the Review Board shall not be 
     removed from office, other than--
       (A) by impeachment by Congress; or
       (B) by the action of the President for inefficiency, 
     neglect of duty, malfeasance in office, physical disability, 
     mental incapacity, or any other condition that substantially 
     impairs the performance of the member's duties.
       (2) Judicial review.--
       (A) In general.--A member of the Review Board removed from 
     office may obtain judicial review of the removal in a civil 
     action commenced in the United States District Court for the 
     District of Columbia.
       (B) Relief.--The member may be reinstated or granted other 
     appropriate relief by order of the court.
       (3) Notice of removal.--If a member of the Review Board is 
     removed from office, and that removal is by the President, 
     not later than 10 days after the removal, the President shall 
     submit to the leadership of Congress, the Committee on 
     Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and 
     the Committee on Oversight and Reform of the House of 
     Representatives a report specifying the facts found and the 
     grounds for the removal.
       (h) Compensation of Members.--
       (1) Basic pay.--A member of the Review Board shall be 
     treated as an employee of the executive branch and 
     compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the 
     annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the 
     Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United 
     States Code, for each day (including travel time) during 
     which the member is engaged in the performance of the duties 
     of the Review Board.
       (2) Travel expenses.--A member of the Review Board shall be 
     allowed reasonable travel expenses, including per diem in 
     lieu of subsistence, at rates for employees of agencies under 
     subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, 
     while away from the member's home or regular place of 
     business in the performance of services for the Review Board.
       (i) Duties of the Review Board.--

[[Page S6105]]

       (1) In general.--The Review Board shall consider and render 
     a decision on a determination by a Government office to seek 
     to postpone the disclosure of a missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record, in whole or in part.
       (2) Records.--In carrying out paragraph (1), the Review 
     Board shall consider and render a decision regarding--
       (A) whether a record constitutes a missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record; and
       (B) whether a missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel 
     record, or particular information in a missing Armed Forces 
     and civilian personnel record, qualifies for postponement of 
     disclosure under this subtitle.
       (j) Powers.--The Review Board shall have the authority to 
     act in a manner prescribed under this subtitle, including 
     authority to--
       (1) direct Government offices to transmit to the Archivist 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel records as 
     required under this subtitle;
       (2) direct Government offices to transmit to the Archivist 
     substitutes and summaries of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records that can be publicly disclosed to 
     the fullest extent for any missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel record that is proposed for postponement in full or 
     that is substantially redacted;
       (3) obtain access to missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel records that have been identified by a Government 
     office;
       (4) direct a Government office to make available to the 
     Review Board, and if necessary investigate the facts 
     surrounding, additional information, records, or testimony 
     from individuals, which the Review Board has reason to 
     believe is required to fulfill its functions and 
     responsibilities under this subtitle;
       (5) hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and 
     places, take such testimony, receive such evidence, and 
     administer such oaths as the Review Board considers advisable 
     to carry out its responsibilities under this subtitle;
       (6) hold individuals in contempt for failure to comply with 
     directives and mandates issued by the Review Board under this 
     subtitle, which shall not include the authority to imprison 
     or fine any individual;
       (7) require any Government office to account in writing for 
     the destruction of any records relating to the loss, fate, or 
     status of missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel;
       (8) receive information from the public regarding the 
     identification and public disclosure of missing Armed Forces 
     and civilian personnel records; and
       (9) make a final determination regarding whether a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record will be disclosed 
     to the public or disclosure of the missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record to the public will be postponed, 
     notwithstanding the determination of an Executive agency.
       (k) Witness Immunity.--The Review Board shall be considered 
     to be an agency of the United States for purposes of section 
     6001 of title 18, United States Code.
       (l) Oversight.--
       (1) In general.--The Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on 
     Oversight and Reform of the House of Representatives shall--
       (A) have continuing legislative oversight jurisdiction with 
     respect to the official conduct of the Review Board and the 
     disposition of postponed records after termination of the 
     Review Board; and
       (B) not later than 10 days after submitting a request, be 
     provided access to any records held or created by the Review 
     Board.
       (2) Duty of review board.--The Review Board shall have the 
     duty to cooperate with the exercise of oversight jurisdiction 
     under paragraph (1).
       (3) Security clearances.--The Chairman and Ranking Members 
     of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and 
     Accountability of the House of Representatives, and 
     designated Committee staff, shall be granted all security 
     clearances and accesses held by the Review Board, including 
     to relevant Presidential and department or agency special 
     access and compartmented access programs.
       (m) Support Services.--The Administrator of the General 
     Services Administration shall provide administrative services 
     for the Review Board on a reimbursable basis.
       (n) Interpretive Regulations.--The Review Board may issue 
     interpretive regulations.
       (o) Termination and Winding Up.--
       (1) In general.--Two years after the date of enactment of 
     this Act, the Review Board shall, by majority vote, determine 
     whether all Government offices have complied with the 
     obligations, mandates, and directives under this subtitle.
       (2) Termination date.--The Review Board shall terminate on 
     the date that is 4 years after the date of swearing in of the 
     Board members.
       (3) Report.--Before the termination of the Review Board 
     under paragraph (2), the Review Board shall submit to 
     Congress reports, including a complete and accurate 
     accounting of expenditures during its existence, and shall 
     complete all other reporting requirements under this 
     subtitle.
       (4) Records.--Upon termination of the Review Board, the 
     Review Board shall transfer all records of the Review Board 
     to the Archivist for inclusion in the Collection, and no 
     record of the Review Board shall be destroyed.

     SEC. 1099D. MISSING ARMED FORCES AND CIVILIAN PERSONNEL 
                   RECORDS REVIEW BOARD PERSONNEL.

       (a) Executive Director.--
       (1) In general.--Not later than 45 days after the initial 
     meeting of the Review Board, the Review Board shall appoint 
     an individual to the position of Executive Director.
       (2) Qualifications.--The individual appointed as Executive 
     Director of the Review Board--
       (A) shall be a citizen of the United States of integrity 
     and impartiality;
       (B) shall be appointed without regard to political 
     affiliation; and
       (C) shall not have any conflict of interest with the 
     mission of the Review Board.
       (3) Consultation with the office of government ethics.--In 
     their consideration of the person to be appointed to the 
     position of Executive Director of the Review Board, the 
     Review Board shall consult with the Director of the Office of 
     Government Ethics to--
       (A) determine criteria for possible conflicts of interest 
     of the Executive Director of the Review Board, consistent 
     with ethics laws, statutes, and regulations for executive 
     branch employees; and
       (B) ensure that no individual selected for such position of 
     Executive Director of the Review Board possesses a conflict 
     of interest as so determined.
       (4) Security clearance.--
       (A) Limit on appointment.--The Review Board shall not 
     appoint an individual as Executive Director until after the 
     date on which the individual qualifies for the necessary 
     security clearance.
       (B) Expedited provision.--The appropriate departments, 
     agencies, and elements of the executive branch of the Federal 
     Government shall cooperate to ensure that an application by 
     an individual nominated to be Executive Director, seeking 
     security clearances necessary to carry out the duties of the 
     Executive Director, is expeditiously reviewed and granted or 
     denied.
       (5) Duties.--The Executive Director shall--
       (A) serve as principal liaison to Government offices;
       (B) be responsible for the administration and coordination 
     of the review of records by the Review Board;
       (C) be responsible for the administration of all official 
     activities conducted by the Review Board; and
       (D) not have the authority to decide or determine whether 
     any record should be disclosed to the public or postponed for 
     disclosure.
       (6) Removal.--The Executive Director may be removed by a 
     majority vote of the Review Board.
       (b) Staff.--
       (1) In general.--The Review Board may, in accordance with 
     the civil service laws, but without regard to civil service 
     law and regulation for competitive service as defined in 
     subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, 
     appoint and terminate additional employees as are necessary 
     to enable the Review Board and the Executive Director to 
     perform their duties under this subtitle. The Executive 
     Director and other employees of the Review Board shall be 
     treated as employees of the executive branch.
       (2) Qualifications.--An individual appointed to a position 
     as an employee of the Review Board--
       (A) shall be a citizen of the United States of integrity 
     and impartiality; and
       (B) shall not have had any previous involvement with any 
     official investigation or inquiry relating to the loss, fate, 
     or status of missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel.
       (3) Consultation with the office of government ethics.--In 
     their consideration of persons to be appointed as staff of 
     the Review Board, the Review Board shall consult with the 
     Director of the Office of Government Ethics to--
       (A) determine criteria for possible conflicts of interest 
     of staff of the Review Board, consistent with ethics laws, 
     statutes, and regulations for executive branch employees; and
       (B) ensure that no individual selected for such position of 
     staff of the Review Board possesses a conflict of interest as 
     so determined.
       (4) Security clearance.--
       (A) Limit on appointment.--The Review Board shall not 
     appoint an individual as an employee of the Review Board 
     until after the date on which the individual qualifies for 
     the necessary security clearance.
       (B) Expedited provision.--The appropriate departments, 
     agencies, and elements of the executive branch of the Federal 
     Government shall cooperate to ensure that an application by 
     an individual who is a candidate for a position with the 
     Review Board, seeking security clearances necessary to carry 
     out the duties of the position, is expeditiously reviewed and 
     granted or denied.
       (c) Compensation.--The Review Board shall fix the 
     compensation of the Executive Director and such employees 
     without regard to chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 
     of title 5, United States Code, relating to classification of 
     positions and General Schedule pay rates, except that the 
     rate of pay for the Executive Director and other employees 
     may not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive 
     Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code.
       (d) Advisory Committees.--

[[Page S6106]]

       (1) In general.--The Review Board may create 1 or more 
     advisory committees to assist in fulfilling the 
     responsibilities of the Review Board under this subtitle.
       (2) Applicability of faca.--Any advisory committee created 
     by the Review Board shall be subject to the Federal Advisory 
     Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.).

     SEC. 1099E. REVIEW OF RECORDS BY THE MISSING ARMED FORCES AND 
                   CIVILIAN PERSONNEL RECORDS REVIEW BOARD.

       (a) Startup Requirements.--The Review Board shall--
       (1) not later than 90 days after the date on which all 
     members are sworn in, publish an initial schedule for review 
     of all missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel records, 
     which the Archivist shall highlight and make available on a 
     publicly accessible website administered by the National 
     Archives; and
       (2) not later than 180 days after the swearing in of the 
     Board members, begin reviewing of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records, as necessary, under this 
     subtitle.
       (b) Determination of the Review Board.--
       (1) In general.--The Review Board shall direct that all 
     records that relate, directly or indirectly, to the loss, 
     fate, or status of missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel be transmitted to the Archivist and disclosed to 
     the public in the Collection in the absence of clear and 
     convincing evidence that the record is not a missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel record.
       (2) Postponement.--In approving postponement of public 
     disclosure of a missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel 
     record, or information within a missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record, the Review Board shall seek to--
       (A) provide for the disclosure of segregable parts, 
     substitutes, or summaries of the missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record; and
       (B) determine, in consultation with the originating body 
     and consistent with the standards for postponement under this 
     subtitle, which of the following alternative forms of 
     disclosure shall be made by the originating body:
       (i) Any reasonably segregable particular information in a 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record.
       (ii) A substitute record for that information which is 
     postponed.
       (iii) A summary of a missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel record.
       (3) Reporting.--With respect to a missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record, or information within a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record, the public 
     disclosure of which is postponed under this subtitle, or for 
     which only substitutions or summaries have been disclosed to 
     the public, the Review Board shall create and transmit to the 
     Archivist, the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability of the House of Representatives 
     an unclassified and publicly releasable report containing--
       (A) a description of actions by the Review Board, the 
     originating body, or any Government office (including a 
     justification of any such action to postpone disclosure of 
     any record or part of any record) and of any official 
     proceedings conducted by the Review Board; and
       (B) a statement, based on a review of the proceedings and 
     in conformity with the decisions reflected therein, 
     designating a recommended specified time at which, or a 
     specified occurrence following which, the material may be 
     appropriately disclosed to the public under this subtitle, 
     which the Review Board shall disclose to the public with 
     notice thereof, reasonably calculated to make interested 
     members of the public aware of the existence of the 
     statement.
       (4) Actions after determination.--
       (A) In general.--Not later than 30 days after the date of a 
     determination by the Review Board that a missing Armed Forces 
     and civilian personnel record shall be publicly disclosed in 
     the Collection or postponed for disclosure and held in the 
     protected Collection, the Review Board shall notify the head 
     of the originating body of the determination and highlight 
     and make available the determination on a publicly accessible 
     website reasonably calculated to make interested members of 
     the public aware of the existence of the determination.
       (B) Oversight notice.--Simultaneous with notice under 
     subparagraph (A), the Review Board shall provide notice of a 
     determination concerning the public disclosure or 
     postponement of disclosure of a missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record, or information contained within a 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record, which 
     shall include a written unclassified justification for public 
     disclosure or postponement of disclosure, including an 
     explanation of the application of any standards in section 
     1099B to the President, to the Committee on Homeland Security 
     and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on 
     Oversight and Reform of the House of Representatives.
       (5) Referral after termination.--A missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record that is identified, located, or 
     otherwise discovered after the date on which the Review Board 
     terminates shall be transmitted to the Archivist for the 
     Collection and referred to the Committee on Armed Services of 
     the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House 
     of Representatives for review, ongoing oversight and, as 
     warranted, referral for possible enforcement action relating 
     to a violation of this subtitle and determination as to 
     whether declassification of the missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel is warranted under this subtitle.
       (c) Notice to Public.--Every 30 days, beginning on the date 
     that is 60 days after the date on which the Review Board 
     first approves the postponement of disclosure of a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record, the Review Board 
     shall highlight and make accessible on a publicly available 
     website reasonably calculated to make interested members of 
     the public aware of the existence of the postponement a 
     notice that summarizes the postponements approved by the 
     Review Board, including a description of the subject, 
     originating body, length or other physical description, and 
     each ground for postponement that is relied upon.
       (d) Reports by the Review Board.--
       (1) In general.--Not later than 1 year after the date of 
     enactment of this Act, and every year thereafter until the 
     Review Board terminates, the Review Board shall submit a 
     report regarding the activities of the Review Board to--
       (A) the Committee on Oversight and Reform of the House of 
     Representatives;
       (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs of the Senate;
       (C) the President;
       (D) the Archivist; and
       (E) the head of any Government office the records of which 
     have been the subject of Review Board activity.
       (2) Contents.--Each report under paragraph (1) shall 
     include the following information:
       (A) A financial report of the expenses for all official 
     activities and requirements of the Review Board and its 
     employees.
       (B) The progress made on review, transmission to the 
     Archivist, and public disclosure of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records.
       (C) The estimated time and volume of missing Armed Forces 
     and civilian personnel records involved in the completion of 
     the duties of the Review Board under this subtitle.
       (D) Any special problems, including requests and the level 
     of cooperation of Government offices, with regard to the 
     ability of the Review Board to carry out its duties under 
     this subtitle.
       (E) A record of review activities, including a record of 
     postponement decisions by the Review Board or other related 
     actions authorized under this subtitle, and a record of the 
     volume of records reviewed and postponed.
       (F) Suggestions and requests to Congress for additional 
     legislative authority needs.
       (G) An appendix containing copies of reports relating to 
     postponed records submitted to the Archivist under subsection 
     (b)(3) since the end of the period covered by the most recent 
     report under paragraph (1).
       (3) Copies and briefs.--Coincident with the reporting 
     requirements in paragraph (2), or more frequently as 
     warranted by new information, the Review Board shall provide 
     copies to, and fully brief, at a minimum, the President, the 
     Archivist, leadership of Congress, the Chairman and Ranking 
     Members of the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability of the House of Representatives, 
     and the Chairs and Chairmen, as the case may be, and Ranking 
     Members and Vice Chairmen, as the case may be, of such other 
     committees as leadership of Congress determines appropriate 
     on the Controlled Disclosure Campaign Plan, classified 
     appendix, and postponed disclosures, specifically 
     addressing--
       (A) recommendations for periodic review, downgrading, and 
     declassification, as well as the exact time or specified 
     occurrence following which specific missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian material may be appropriately disclosed;
       (B) the rationale behind each postponement determination 
     and the recommended means to achieve disclosure of each 
     postponed item;
       (C) any other findings that the Review Board chooses to 
     offer; and
       (D) an addendum containing copies of reports of postponed 
     records to the Archivist required under subsection (b)(3) 
     made since the date of the preceding report under this 
     subsection.
       (4) Termination notice.--Not later than 90 days before the 
     Review Board expects to complete the work of the Review Board 
     under this subtitle, the Review Board shall provide written 
     notice to Congress of the intent of the Review Board to 
     terminate operations at a specified date.

     SEC. 1099F. DISCLOSURE OF OTHER MATERIALS AND ADDITIONAL 
                   STUDY.

       (a) Materials Under Seal of Court.--
       (1) In general.--The Review Board may request the Attorney 
     General to petition any court of the United States or of a 
     foreign country to release any information relevant to the 
     loss, fate, or status of missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel that is held under seal of the court.
       (2) Grand jury information.--
       (A) In general.--The Review Board may request the Attorney 
     General to petition any court of the United States to release 
     any information relevant to loss, fate, or status of missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel that is held under the 
     injunction of secrecy of a grand jury.

[[Page S6107]]

       (B) Treatment.--A request for disclosure of missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel materials under this subtitle 
     shall be deemed to constitute a showing of particularized 
     need under rule 6 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure.
       (b) Sense of Congress.--It is the sense of Congress that--
       (1) the Attorney General should assist the Review Board in 
     good faith to unseal any records that the Review Board 
     determines to be relevant and held under seal by a court or 
     under the injunction of secrecy of a grand jury;
       (2) the Secretary of State should--
       (A) contact the Governments of the Russian Federation, the 
     People's Republic of China, and the Democratic People's 
     Republic of Korea to seek the disclosure of all records in 
     their respective custody, possession, or control relevant to 
     the loss, fate, or status of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel; and
       (B) contact any other foreign government that may hold 
     information relevant to the loss, fate, or status of missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel, and seek disclosure of 
     such information; and
       (3) all agencies should cooperate in full with the Review 
     Board to seek the disclosure of all information relevant to 
     the loss, fate, or status of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel consistent with the public interest.

     SEC. 1099G. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION.

       (a) Precedence Over Other Law.--When this subtitle requires 
     transmission of a record to the Archivist or public 
     disclosure, it shall take precedence over any other law 
     (except section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), 
     judicial decision construing such law, or common law doctrine 
     that would otherwise prohibit such transmission or 
     disclosure, with the exception of deeds governing access to 
     or transfer or release of gifts and donations of records to 
     the United States Government.
       (b) Freedom of Information Act.--Nothing in this subtitle 
     shall be construed to eliminate or limit any right to file 
     requests with any Executive agency or seek judicial review of 
     the decisions under section 552 of title 5, United States 
     Code.
       (c) Judicial Review.--Nothing in this subtitle shall be 
     construed to preclude judicial review under chapter 7 of 
     title 5, United States Code, of final actions taken or 
     required to be taken under this subtitle.
       (d) Existing Authority.--Nothing in this subtitle revokes 
     or limits the existing authority of the President, any 
     Executive agency, the Senate, or the House of 
     Representatives, or any other entity of the Government to 
     publicly disclose records in its custody, possession, or 
     control.
       (e) Rules of the Senate and House of Representatives.--To 
     the extent that any provision of this subtitle establishes a 
     procedure to be followed in the Senate or the House of 
     Representatives, such provision is adopted--
       (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate 
     and House of Representatives, respectively, and is deemed to 
     be part of the rules of each House, respectively, but 
     applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed 
     in that House, and it supersedes other rules only to the 
     extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and
       (2) with full recognition of the constitutional right of 
     either House to change the rules (so far as they relate to 
     the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner, 
     and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of 
     that House.

     SEC. 1099H. REQUESTS FOR EXTENSIONS.

       The head of a Government office required to comply with a 
     deadline under this subtitle that is based off the date of 
     establishment of a quorum of the Missing Armed Forces and 
     Civilian Personnel Records Review Board under section 1099C 
     may request an extension from the Board for good cause. If 
     the Board agrees to the request, the deadline applicable to 
     the Government office for the purpose of such requirement 
     shall be such later date as the Board may determine 
     appropriate.

     SEC. 1099I. TERMINATION OF EFFECT OF SUBTITLE.

       (a) Provisions Pertaining to the Review Board.--The 
     provisions of this subtitle that pertain to the appointment 
     and operation of the Review Board shall cease to be effective 
     when the Review Board and the terms of its members have 
     terminated under section 1099C(o).
       (b) Other Provisions.--The remaining provisions of this 
     subtitle shall continue in effect until such time as the 
     Archivist certifies to the President and Congress that all 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel records have been 
     made available to the public in accordance with this 
     subtitle.

     SEC. 1099J. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.

       There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are 
     necessary to carry out this subtitle, to remain available 
     until expended.

     SEC. 1099K. SEVERABILITY.

       If any provision of this subtitle, or the application 
     thereof to any person or circumstance, is held invalid, the 
     remainder of this subtitle and the application of that 
     provision to other persons not similarly situated or to other 
     circumstances shall not be affected by the invalidation.
                                 ______








[Pages S6102-S6109]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                           TEXT OF AMENDMENTS

  SA 3283. Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mrs. Shaheen) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 4638, to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2025 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for 
defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military 
personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which 
was ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

       At the end of title X, add the following:

                 Subtitle I--Bring Our Heroes Home Act

     SEC. 1096. SHORT TITLE.

       This subtitle may be cited as the ``Bring Our Heroes Home 
     Act''.

     SEC. 1097. FINDINGS, DECLARATIONS, AND PURPOSES.

       (a) Findings and Declarations.--Congress finds and declares 
     the following:
       (1) A vast number of records relating to missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel have not been identified, 
     located, or transferred to the National Archives following 
     review and declassification. Only in the rarest cases is 
     there any legitimate need for continued protection of records 
     pertaining to missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel who 
     have been missing for decades.
       (2) There has been insufficient priority placed on 
     identifying, locating, reviewing, or declassifying records 
     relating to missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel and 
     then transferring the records to the National Archives for 
     public access.
       (3) Mandates for declassification set forth in multiple 
     Executive orders have been broadly written, loosely 
     interpreted, and often ignored by Federal agencies in 
     possession and control of records related to missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel.
       (4) No individual or entity has been tasked with oversight 
     of the identification, collection, review, and 
     declassification of records related to missing Armed Forces 
     and civilian personnel.
       (5) The interest, desire, workforce, and funding of Federal 
     agencies to assemble, review, and declassify records relating 
     to missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel have been 
     lacking.
       (6) All records of the Federal Government relating to 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel should be 
     preserved for historical and governmental purposes and for 
     public research.
       (7) All records of the Federal Government relating to 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel should carry a 
     presumption of declassification, and all such records should 
     be disclosed under this subtitle to enable the fullest 
     possible accounting for missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel.
       (8) Legislation is necessary to create an enforceable, 
     independent, and accountable process for the public 
     disclosure of records relating to missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel.
       (9) Legislation is necessary because section 552 of title 
     5, United States Code (commonly known as the ``Freedom of 
     Information Act''), as implemented by Federal agencies, has 
     prevented the timely public disclosure of records relating to 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel.
       (b) Purposes.--The purposes of this subtitle are--
       (1) to provide for the creation of the Missing Armed Forces 
     and Civilian Personnel Records Collection at the National 
     Archives; and
       (2) to require the expeditious public transmission to the 
     Archivist and public disclosure of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records, subject to narrow exceptions, as 
     set forth in this subtitle.

     SEC. 1098. DEFINITIONS.

       In this subtitle:
       (1) Archivist.--The term ``Archivist'' means Archivist of 
     the United States.
       (2) Collection.--The term ``Collection'' means the Missing 
     Armed Forces and Civilian Personnel Records Collection 
     established under section 1099(a).
       (3) Director.--The term ``Director'' means the Director of 
     the Office of Government Ethics.
       (4) Executive agency.--The term ``Executive agency''--
       (A) means an agency, as defined in section 552(f) of title 
     5, United States Code;
       (B) includes any Executive department, military department, 
     Government corporation, Government controlled corporation, or 
     other establishment in the executive branch of the Federal 
     Government, including the Executive Office of the President, 
     any branch of the Armed Forces, and any independent 
     regulatory agency; and
       (C) does not include any non-appropriated agency, 
     department, corporation, or establishment.
       (5) Executive branch missing armed forces and civilian 
     personnel record.--The term ``executive branch missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel record'' means a missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel record of an Executive agency, 
     or information contained in such a missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record obtained by or developed within the 
     executive branch of the Federal Government.
       (6) Government office.--The term ``Government office'' 
     means an Executive agency, the Library of Congress, or the 
     National Archives.
       (7) Missing armed forces and civilian personnel.--
       (A) Definition.--The term ``missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel'' means one or more missing persons; and
       (B) Inclusions.--The term ``missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel'' includes an individual who was a missing 
     person and whose status was later changed to ``missing and 
     presumed dead''.
       (8) Missing armed forces and civilian personnel record.--
     The term ``missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel 
     record'' means a record that relates, directly or indirectly, 
     to the loss, fate, or status of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel that--
       (A) was created or made available for use by, obtained by, 
     or otherwise came into the custody, possession, or control 
     of--
       (i) any Government office;
       (ii) any Presidential library; or
       (iii) any of the Armed Forces; and
       (B) relates to 1 or more missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel who became missing persons during the period--
       (i) beginning on December 7, 1941; and
       (ii) ending on the date of enactment of this Act.
       (9) Missing person.--The term ``missing person'' means--
       (A) a person described in paragraph (1) of section 1513 of 
     title 10, United States Code; and
       (B) any other civilian employee of the Federal Government 
     or an employee of a contractor of the Federal Government who 
     serves in direct support of, or accompanies, the Armed Forces 
     in the field under orders and who is in a missing status (as 
     that term is defined in paragraph (2) of such section 1513).
       (10) National archives.--The term ``National Archives''--
       (A) means the National Archives and Records Administration; 
     and
       (B) includes any component of the National Archives and 
     Records Administration (including Presidential archival 
     depositories established under section 2112 of title 44, 
     United States Code).
       (11) Official investigation.--The term ``official 
     investigation'' means a review, briefing, inquiry, or hearing 
     relating to missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel 
     conducted by a Presidential commission, committee of 
     Congress, or agency, regardless of whether it is conducted 
     independently, at the request of any Presidential commission 
     or committee of Congress, or at the request of any official 
     of the Federal Government.
       (12) Originating body.--The term ``originating body'' means 
     the Government office or other initial source that created a 
     record or particular information within a record.
       (13) Public interest.--The term ``public interest'' means 
     the compelling interest in the prompt public disclosure of 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel records for 
     historical and governmental purposes, for public research, 
     and for the purpose of fully informing the people of the 
     United States, most importantly families of missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel, about the fate of the missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel and the process by which 
     the Federal Government has sought to account for them.
       (14) Record.--The term ``record'' has the meaning given the 
     term ``records'' in section 3301 of title 44, United States 
     Code.
       (15) Review board.--The term ``Review Board'' means the 
     Missing Armed Forces and Civilian Personnel Records Review 
     Board established under section 1099C.

     SEC. 1099. MISSING ARMED FORCES AND CIVILIAN PERSONNEL 
                   RECORDS COLLECTION AT THE NATIONAL ARCHIVES.

       (a) Establishment of Collection.--Not later than 90 days 
     after a quorum of the Missing Armed Forces and Civilian 
     Personnel Records Review Board has been established under 
     section 1099C, the Archivist shall--
       (1) commence establishment of a collection of records to be 
     known as the ``Missing Armed Forces and Civilian Personnel 
     Records Collection'';
       (2) commence preparing the subject guidebook and index to 
     the Collection; and
       (3) establish criteria and acceptable formats for Executive 
     agencies to follow when transmitting copies of missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel records to the Archivist, to 
     include required metadata.
       (b) Regulations.--Not later than 90 days after the date of 
     the swearing in of the Board members, the Review Board shall 
     promulgate rules to establish guidelines and processes for 
     the disclosure of records contained in the Collection.
       (c) Oversight.--
       (1) Senate.--The Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs of the Senate shall have continuing 
     jurisdiction, including legislative oversight jurisdiction, 
     in the Senate with respect to the Collection.
       (2) House of representatives.--The Committee on Oversight 
     and Accountability of

[[Page S6103]]

     the House of Representatives shall have continuing 
     jurisdiction, including legislative oversight jurisdiction, 
     in the House of Representatives with respect to the 
     Collection.

     SEC. 1099A. REVIEW, IDENTIFICATION, TRANSMISSION TO THE 
                   NATIONAL ARCHIVES, AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF 
                   MISSING ARMED FORCES AND CIVILIAN PERSONNEL 
                   RECORDS BY GOVERNMENT OFFICES.

       (a) In General.--
       (1) Preparation.--As soon as practicable after the date of 
     enactment of this Act, and sufficiently in advance of the 
     deadlines established under this subtitle, each Government 
     office shall--
       (A) identify and locate any missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records in the custody, possession, or 
     control of the Government office, including intelligence 
     reports, congressional inquiries, memoranda to or from the 
     White House and other Federal departments and agencies, 
     Prisoner of War (POW) debriefings, live sighting reports, 
     documents relating to POW camps, movement of POWs, 
     exploitation of POWs, experimentation on POWs, or status 
     changes from Missing in Action (MIA) to Killed in Action 
     (KIA); and
       (B) prepare for transmission to the Archivist in accordance 
     with the criteria and acceptable formats established by the 
     Archivist a copy of any missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel records that have not previously been transmitted 
     to the Archivist by the Government office.
       (2) Certification.--Each Government office shall submit to 
     the Archivist, under penalty of perjury, a certification 
     indicating--
       (A) whether the Government office has conducted a thorough 
     search for all missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel 
     records in the custody, possession, or control of the 
     Government office; and
       (B) whether a copy of any missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel record has not been transmitted to the Archivist.
       (3) Preservation.--No missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel record shall be destroyed, altered, or mutilated in 
     any way.
       (4) Effect of previous disclosure.--Information that was 
     made available or disclosed to the public before the date of 
     enactment of this Act in a missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel record may not be withheld, redacted, postponed for 
     public disclosure, or reclassified.
       (5) Withheld and substantially redacted records.--For any 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record that is 
     transmitted to the Archivist which a Government office 
     proposes to substantially redact or withhold in full from 
     public access, the head of the Government office shall submit 
     an unclassified and publicly releasable report to the 
     Archivist, the Review Board, and each appropriate committee 
     of the Senate and the House of Representatives justifying the 
     decision of the Government office to substantially redact or 
     withhold the record by demonstrating that the release of 
     information would clearly and demonstrably be expected to 
     cause an articulated harm, and that the harm would be of such 
     gravity as to outweigh the public interest in access to the 
     information.
       (b) Review.--
       (1) In general.--Except as provided under paragraph (5), 
     not later than 180 days after a quorum of the Missing Armed 
     Forces and Civilian Personnel Records Review Board has been 
     established under section 1099C, each Government office 
     shall, in accordance with the criteria and acceptable formats 
     established by the Archivist--
       (A) identify, locate, copy, and review each missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel record in the custody, 
     possession, or control of the Government office for 
     transmission to the Archivist and disclosure to the public 
     or, if needed, review by the Review Board; and
       (B) cooperate fully, in consultation with the Archivist, in 
     carrying out paragraph (3).
       (2) Requirement.--The Review Board shall promulgate rules 
     for the disclosure of relevant records by Government offices 
     under paragraph (1).
       (3) National archives records.--Not later than 180 days 
     after a quorum of the Missing Armed Forces and Civilian 
     Personnel Records Review Board has been established under 
     section 1099C, the Archivist shall--
       (A) locate and identify all missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records in the custody of the National 
     Archives as of the date of enactment of this Act that remain 
     classified, in whole or in part;
       (B) notify a Government office if the Archivist locates and 
     identifies a record of the Government office under 
     subparagraph (A); and
       (C) make each classified missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel record located and identified under subparagraph 
     (A) available for review by Executive agencies through the 
     National Declassification Center established under Executive 
     Order 13526 or any successor order.
       (4) Records already public.--A missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record that is in the custody of the 
     National Archives on the date of enactment of this Act and 
     that has been publicly available in its entirety without 
     redaction shall be made available in the Collection without 
     any additional review by the Archivist, the Review Board, or 
     any other Government office under this subtitle.
       (5) Exemptions.--
       (A) Department of defense pow/mia accounting agency.--The 
     Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency (DPAA) is exempt from the 
     requirement under this subsection to declassify and transmit 
     to the Archivist documents in its custody or control that 
     pertain to a specific case or cases that DPAA is actively 
     investigating or developing for the purpose of locating, 
     disinterring, or identifying a missing member of the Armed 
     Forces
       (B) Department of defense military service casualty offices 
     and department of state service casualty offices.--The 
     Department of Defense Military Service Casualty Offices and 
     the Department of State Service Casualty Offices are exempt 
     from the requirement to declassify and transmit to the 
     Archivist documents in their custody or control that pertain 
     to individual cases with respect to which the office is 
     lending support and assistance to the families of missing 
     individuals.
       (c) Transmission to the National Archives.--Each Government 
     office shall--
       (1) not later than 180 days after a quorum of the Missing 
     Armed Forces and Civilian Personnel Records Review Board has 
     been established under section 1099C, commence transmission 
     to the Archivist of copies of the missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records in the custody, possession, or 
     control of the Government office; and
       (2) not later than 1 year after a quorum of the Missing 
     Armed Forces and Civilian Personnel Records Review Board has 
     been established under section 1099C, complete transmission 
     to the Archivist of copies of all missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records in the possession or control of 
     the Government office.
       (d) Periodic Review of Postponed Missing Armed Forces and 
     Civilian Personnel Records.--
       (1) In general.--All missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel records, or information within a missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel record, the public disclosure 
     of which has been postponed under the standards under this 
     subtitle shall be reviewed by the originating body--
       (A)(i) periodically, but not less than every 5 years, after 
     the date on which the Review Board terminates under section 
     1099C(o); and
       (ii) at the direction of the Archivist; and
       (B) consistent with the recommendations of the Review Board 
     under section 1099E(b)(3)(B).
       (2) Contents.--
       (A) In general.--A periodic review of a missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel record, or information within a 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record, by the 
     originating body shall address the public disclosure of the 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record under the 
     standards under this subtitle.
       (B) Continued postponement.--If an originating body 
     conducting a periodic review of a missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record, or information within a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record, the public 
     disclosure of which has been postponed under the standards 
     under this subtitle, determines that continued postponement 
     is required, the originating body shall provide to the 
     Archivist an unclassified written description of the reason 
     for the continued postponement that the Archivist shall 
     highlight and make accessible on a publicly accessible 
     website administered by the National Archives.
       (C) Scope.--The periodic review of postponed missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel records, or information within 
     a missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record, shall 
     serve the purpose stated in section 1097(b)(2), to provide 
     expeditious public disclosure of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records, to the fullest extent possible, 
     subject only to the grounds for postponement of disclosure 
     under section 1099B.
       (D) Disclosure absent certification by president.--Not 
     later than 10 years after a quorum of the Missing Armed 
     Forces and Civilian Personnel Records Review Board has been 
     established under section 1099C, all missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records, and information within a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record, shall be publicly 
     disclosed in full, and available in the Collection, unless--
       (i) the head of the originating body, Executive agency, or 
     other Government office recommends in writing that continued 
     postponement is necessary;
       (ii) the written recommendation described in clause (i)--

       (I) is provided to the Archivist in unclassified and 
     publicly releasable form not later than 180 days before the 
     date that is 10 years after a quorum of the Missing Armed 
     Forces and Civilian Personnel Records Review Board has been 
     established under section 1099C; and
       (II) includes--

       (aa) a justification of the recommendation to postpone 
     disclosure with clear and convincing evidence that the 
     identifiable harm is of such gravity that it outweighs the 
     public interest in disclosure; and
       (bb) a recommended specified time at which or a specified 
     occurrence following which the material may be appropriately 
     disclosed to the public under this subtitle;
       (iii) the Archivist transmits all recommended postponements 
     and the recommendation of the Archivist to the President not 
     later than 90 days before the date that is 10 years after the 
     date a quorum of the Missing Armed Forces and Civilian 
     Personnel Records Review Board has been established under 
     section 1099C; and
       (iv) the President transmits to the Archivist a 
     certification indicating that continued

[[Page S6104]]

     postponement is necessary and the identifiable harm, as 
     demonstrated by clear and convincing evidence, is of such 
     gravity that it outweighs the public interest in disclosure 
     not later than the date that is 10 years after the date a 
     quorum of the Missing Armed Forces and Civilian Personnel 
     Records Review Board has been established under section 
     1099C.

     SEC. 1099B. GROUNDS FOR POSTPONEMENT OF PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF 
                   RECORDS.

       (a) In General.--Disclosure to the public of a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record or particular 
     information in a missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel 
     record created after the date that is 25 years before the 
     date of the review of the missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel record by the Archivist may be postponed subject to 
     the limitations under this subtitle only--
       (1) if it pertains to--
       (A) military plans, weapons systems, or operations;
       (B) foreign government information;
       (C) intelligence activities (including covert action), 
     intelligence sources or methods, or cryptology;
       (D) foreign relations or foreign activities of the United 
     States, including confidential sources;
       (E) scientific, technological, or economic matters relating 
     to the national security;
       (F) United States Government programs for safeguarding 
     nuclear materials or facilities;
       (G) vulnerabilities or capabilities of systems, 
     installations, infrastructures, projects, plans, or 
     protection services relating to the national security; or
       (H) the development, production, or use of weapons of mass 
     destruction; and
       (2) the threat posed by the public disclosure of the 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record or 
     information is of such gravity that it outweighs the public 
     interest in disclosure.
       (b) Older Records.--Disclosure to the public of a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record or particular 
     information in a missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel 
     record created on or before the date that is 25 years before 
     the date of the review of the missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record by the Archivist may be postponed 
     subject to the limitations under this subtitle only if, as 
     demonstrated by clear and convincing evidence--
       (1) the release of the information would be expected to--
       (A) reveal the identity of a confidential human source, a 
     human intelligence source, a relationship with an 
     intelligence or security service of a foreign government or 
     international organization, or a nonhuman intelligence 
     source, or impair the effectiveness of an intelligence method 
     currently in use, available for use, or under development;
       (B) reveal information that would impair United States 
     cryptologic systems or activities;
       (C) reveal formally named or numbered United States 
     military war plans that remain in effect, or reveal 
     operational or tactical elements of prior plans that are 
     contained in such active plans; or
       (D) reveal information, including foreign government 
     information, that would cause serious harm to relations 
     between the United States and a foreign government, or to 
     ongoing diplomatic activities of the United States; and
       (2) the threat posed by the public disclosure of the 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record or 
     information is of such gravity that it outweighs the public 
     interest in disclosure.
       (c) Exception.--Regardless of the date on which a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record was created, 
     disclosure to the public of information in the missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel record may be postponed if--
       (1) the public disclosure of the information would reveal 
     the name or identity of a living person who provided 
     confidential information to the United States and would pose 
     a substantial risk of harm to that person;
       (2) the public disclosure of the information could 
     reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion 
     of personal privacy, and that invasion of privacy is so 
     substantial that it outweighs the public interest;
       (3) the public disclosure of the information could 
     reasonably be expected to cause harm to the methods currently 
     in use or available for use by members of the Armed Forces to 
     survive, evade, resist, or escape; or
       (4) the public disclosure of such information would 
     conflict with United States law or regulations.

     SEC. 1099C. ESTABLISHMENT AND POWERS OF THE MISSING ARMED 
                   FORCES AND CIVILIAN PERSONNEL RECORDS REVIEW 
                   BOARD.

       (a) Establishment.--There is established as an independent 
     establishment in the executive branch a board to be known as 
     the ``Missing Armed Forces and Civilian Personnel Records 
     Review Board'' to ensure and facilitate the review, 
     transmission to the Archivist, and public disclosure of 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel records.
       (b) Membership.--
       (1) Appointments.--The Review Board shall be composed of 5 
     members appointed by the President, of whom--
       (A) 1 shall be appointed in consultation with the Archivist 
     of the United States and by and with the advice and consent 
     of the Senate, and shall serve as the Chairperson of the 
     Review Board;
       (B) 1 shall be recommended by the majority leader of the 
     Senate;
       (C) 1 shall be recommended by the minority leader of the 
     Senate;
       (D) 1 shall be recommended by the Speaker of the House of 
     Representatives; and
       (E) 1 shall be recommended by the minority leader of the 
     House of Representatives.
       (2) Qualifications.--The members of the Review Board 
     shall--
       (A) be appointed without regard to political affiliation;
       (B) be citizens of the United States of integrity and 
     impartiality;
       (C) not be employees of an Executive agency on the date of 
     the appointment;
       (D) have high national professional reputation in their 
     fields and be capable of exercising the independent and 
     objective judgment necessary to the fulfillment of their role 
     in ensuring and facilitating the identification, location, 
     review, transmission to the Archivist, and public disclosure 
     of missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel records;
       (E) possess an appreciation of the value of missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel records to scholars, the 
     Federal Government, and the public, particularly families of 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel;
       (F) include at least 1 professional historian; and
       (G) include at least 1 attorney.
       (3) Consultation with the office of government ethics.--In 
     considering persons to be appointed to the Review Board, the 
     President shall consult with the Director of the Office of 
     Government Ethics to--
       (A) determine criteria for possible conflicts of interest 
     of members of the Review Board, consistent with ethics laws, 
     statutes, and regulations for executive branch employees; and
       (B) ensure that no individual selected for such position of 
     member of the Review Board possesses a conflict of interest 
     as so determined.
       (4) Consultation.--Appointments to the Review Board shall 
     be made after considering individuals recommended by the 
     American Historical Association, the Organization of American 
     Historians, the Society of American Archivists, the American 
     Bar Association, veterans' organizations, and organizations 
     representing families of missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel.
       (c) Security Clearances.--The appropriate departments, 
     agencies, and elements of the executive branch of the Federal 
     Government shall cooperate to ensure that an application by 
     an individual nominated to be a member of the Review Board, 
     seeking security clearances necessary to carry out the duties 
     of the Review Board, is expeditiously reviewed and granted or 
     denied.
       (d) Consideration by the Senate.--Nominations for 
     appointment under subsection (b)(1)(A) shall be referred to 
     the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs 
     of the Senate for consideration.
       (e) Vacancy.--Not later than 60 days after the date on 
     which a vacancy on the Review Board occurs, the vacancy shall 
     be filled in the same manner as specified for original 
     appointment.
       (f) Chairperson Needed for Quorum.--A majority of the 
     members of the Review Board, including the Chairperson 
     appointed and confirmed pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(A), 
     shall constitute a quorum.
       (g) Removal of Review Board Member.--
       (1) In general.--A member of the Review Board shall not be 
     removed from office, other than--
       (A) by impeachment by Congress; or
       (B) by the action of the President for inefficiency, 
     neglect of duty, malfeasance in office, physical disability, 
     mental incapacity, or any other condition that substantially 
     impairs the performance of the member's duties.
       (2) Judicial review.--
       (A) In general.--A member of the Review Board removed from 
     office may obtain judicial review of the removal in a civil 
     action commenced in the United States District Court for the 
     District of Columbia.
       (B) Relief.--The member may be reinstated or granted other 
     appropriate relief by order of the court.
       (3) Notice of removal.--If a member of the Review Board is 
     removed from office, and that removal is by the President, 
     not later than 10 days after the removal, the President shall 
     submit to the leadership of Congress, the Committee on 
     Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and 
     the Committee on Oversight and Reform of the House of 
     Representatives a report specifying the facts found and the 
     grounds for the removal.
       (h) Compensation of Members.--
       (1) Basic pay.--A member of the Review Board shall be 
     treated as an employee of the executive branch and 
     compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the 
     annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the 
     Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United 
     States Code, for each day (including travel time) during 
     which the member is engaged in the performance of the duties 
     of the Review Board.
       (2) Travel expenses.--A member of the Review Board shall be 
     allowed reasonable travel expenses, including per diem in 
     lieu of subsistence, at rates for employees of agencies under 
     subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, 
     while away from the member's home or regular place of 
     business in the performance of services for the Review Board.
       (i) Duties of the Review Board.--

[[Page S6105]]

       (1) In general.--The Review Board shall consider and render 
     a decision on a determination by a Government office to seek 
     to postpone the disclosure of a missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record, in whole or in part.
       (2) Records.--In carrying out paragraph (1), the Review 
     Board shall consider and render a decision regarding--
       (A) whether a record constitutes a missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record; and
       (B) whether a missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel 
     record, or particular information in a missing Armed Forces 
     and civilian personnel record, qualifies for postponement of 
     disclosure under this subtitle.
       (j) Powers.--The Review Board shall have the authority to 
     act in a manner prescribed under this subtitle, including 
     authority to--
       (1) direct Government offices to transmit to the Archivist 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel records as 
     required under this subtitle;
       (2) direct Government offices to transmit to the Archivist 
     substitutes and summaries of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records that can be publicly disclosed to 
     the fullest extent for any missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel record that is proposed for postponement in full or 
     that is substantially redacted;
       (3) obtain access to missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel records that have been identified by a Government 
     office;
       (4) direct a Government office to make available to the 
     Review Board, and if necessary investigate the facts 
     surrounding, additional information, records, or testimony 
     from individuals, which the Review Board has reason to 
     believe is required to fulfill its functions and 
     responsibilities under this subtitle;
       (5) hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and 
     places, take such testimony, receive such evidence, and 
     administer such oaths as the Review Board considers advisable 
     to carry out its responsibilities under this subtitle;
       (6) hold individuals in contempt for failure to comply with 
     directives and mandates issued by the Review Board under this 
     subtitle, which shall not include the authority to imprison 
     or fine any individual;
       (7) require any Government office to account in writing for 
     the destruction of any records relating to the loss, fate, or 
     status of missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel;
       (8) receive information from the public regarding the 
     identification and public disclosure of missing Armed Forces 
     and civilian personnel records; and
       (9) make a final determination regarding whether a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record will be disclosed 
     to the public or disclosure of the missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record to the public will be postponed, 
     notwithstanding the determination of an Executive agency.
       (k) Witness Immunity.--The Review Board shall be considered 
     to be an agency of the United States for purposes of section 
     6001 of title 18, United States Code.
       (l) Oversight.--
       (1) In general.--The Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on 
     Oversight and Reform of the House of Representatives shall--
       (A) have continuing legislative oversight jurisdiction with 
     respect to the official conduct of the Review Board and the 
     disposition of postponed records after termination of the 
     Review Board; and
       (B) not later than 10 days after submitting a request, be 
     provided access to any records held or created by the Review 
     Board.
       (2) Duty of review board.--The Review Board shall have the 
     duty to cooperate with the exercise of oversight jurisdiction 
     under paragraph (1).
       (3) Security clearances.--The Chairman and Ranking Members 
     of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and 
     Accountability of the House of Representatives, and 
     designated Committee staff, shall be granted all security 
     clearances and accesses held by the Review Board, including 
     to relevant Presidential and department or agency special 
     access and compartmented access programs.
       (m) Support Services.--The Administrator of the General 
     Services Administration shall provide administrative services 
     for the Review Board on a reimbursable basis.
       (n) Interpretive Regulations.--The Review Board may issue 
     interpretive regulations.
       (o) Termination and Winding Up.--
       (1) In general.--Two years after the date of enactment of 
     this Act, the Review Board shall, by majority vote, determine 
     whether all Government offices have complied with the 
     obligations, mandates, and directives under this subtitle.
       (2) Termination date.--The Review Board shall terminate on 
     the date that is 4 years after the date of swearing in of the 
     Board members.
       (3) Report.--Before the termination of the Review Board 
     under paragraph (2), the Review Board shall submit to 
     Congress reports, including a complete and accurate 
     accounting of expenditures during its existence, and shall 
     complete all other reporting requirements under this 
     subtitle.
       (4) Records.--Upon termination of the Review Board, the 
     Review Board shall transfer all records of the Review Board 
     to the Archivist for inclusion in the Collection, and no 
     record of the Review Board shall be destroyed.

     SEC. 1099D. MISSING ARMED FORCES AND CIVILIAN PERSONNEL 
                   RECORDS REVIEW BOARD PERSONNEL.

       (a) Executive Director.--
       (1) In general.--Not later than 45 days after the initial 
     meeting of the Review Board, the Review Board shall appoint 
     an individual to the position of Executive Director.
       (2) Qualifications.--The individual appointed as Executive 
     Director of the Review Board--
       (A) shall be a citizen of the United States of integrity 
     and impartiality;
       (B) shall be appointed without regard to political 
     affiliation; and
       (C) shall not have any conflict of interest with the 
     mission of the Review Board.
       (3) Consultation with the office of government ethics.--In 
     their consideration of the person to be appointed to the 
     position of Executive Director of the Review Board, the 
     Review Board shall consult with the Director of the Office of 
     Government Ethics to--
       (A) determine criteria for possible conflicts of interest 
     of the Executive Director of the Review Board, consistent 
     with ethics laws, statutes, and regulations for executive 
     branch employees; and
       (B) ensure that no individual selected for such position of 
     Executive Director of the Review Board possesses a conflict 
     of interest as so determined.
       (4) Security clearance.--
       (A) Limit on appointment.--The Review Board shall not 
     appoint an individual as Executive Director until after the 
     date on which the individual qualifies for the necessary 
     security clearance.
       (B) Expedited provision.--The appropriate departments, 
     agencies, and elements of the executive branch of the Federal 
     Government shall cooperate to ensure that an application by 
     an individual nominated to be Executive Director, seeking 
     security clearances necessary to carry out the duties of the 
     Executive Director, is expeditiously reviewed and granted or 
     denied.
       (5) Duties.--The Executive Director shall--
       (A) serve as principal liaison to Government offices;
       (B) be responsible for the administration and coordination 
     of the review of records by the Review Board;
       (C) be responsible for the administration of all official 
     activities conducted by the Review Board; and
       (D) not have the authority to decide or determine whether 
     any record should be disclosed to the public or postponed for 
     disclosure.
       (6) Removal.--The Executive Director may be removed by a 
     majority vote of the Review Board.
       (b) Staff.--
       (1) In general.--The Review Board may, in accordance with 
     the civil service laws, but without regard to civil service 
     law and regulation for competitive service as defined in 
     subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, 
     appoint and terminate additional employees as are necessary 
     to enable the Review Board and the Executive Director to 
     perform their duties under this subtitle. The Executive 
     Director and other employees of the Review Board shall be 
     treated as employees of the executive branch.
       (2) Qualifications.--An individual appointed to a position 
     as an employee of the Review Board--
       (A) shall be a citizen of the United States of integrity 
     and impartiality; and
       (B) shall not have had any previous involvement with any 
     official investigation or inquiry relating to the loss, fate, 
     or status of missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel.
       (3) Consultation with the office of government ethics.--In 
     their consideration of persons to be appointed as staff of 
     the Review Board, the Review Board shall consult with the 
     Director of the Office of Government Ethics to--
       (A) determine criteria for possible conflicts of interest 
     of staff of the Review Board, consistent with ethics laws, 
     statutes, and regulations for executive branch employees; and
       (B) ensure that no individual selected for such position of 
     staff of the Review Board possesses a conflict of interest as 
     so determined.
       (4) Security clearance.--
       (A) Limit on appointment.--The Review Board shall not 
     appoint an individual as an employee of the Review Board 
     until after the date on which the individual qualifies for 
     the necessary security clearance.
       (B) Expedited provision.--The appropriate departments, 
     agencies, and elements of the executive branch of the Federal 
     Government shall cooperate to ensure that an application by 
     an individual who is a candidate for a position with the 
     Review Board, seeking security clearances necessary to carry 
     out the duties of the position, is expeditiously reviewed and 
     granted or denied.
       (c) Compensation.--The Review Board shall fix the 
     compensation of the Executive Director and such employees 
     without regard to chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 
     of title 5, United States Code, relating to classification of 
     positions and General Schedule pay rates, except that the 
     rate of pay for the Executive Director and other employees 
     may not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive 
     Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code.
       (d) Advisory Committees.--

[[Page S6106]]

       (1) In general.--The Review Board may create 1 or more 
     advisory committees to assist in fulfilling the 
     responsibilities of the Review Board under this subtitle.
       (2) Applicability of faca.--Any advisory committee created 
     by the Review Board shall be subject to the Federal Advisory 
     Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.).

     SEC. 1099E. REVIEW OF RECORDS BY THE MISSING ARMED FORCES AND 
                   CIVILIAN PERSONNEL RECORDS REVIEW BOARD.

       (a) Startup Requirements.--The Review Board shall--
       (1) not later than 90 days after the date on which all 
     members are sworn in, publish an initial schedule for review 
     of all missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel records, 
     which the Archivist shall highlight and make available on a 
     publicly accessible website administered by the National 
     Archives; and
       (2) not later than 180 days after the swearing in of the 
     Board members, begin reviewing of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records, as necessary, under this 
     subtitle.
       (b) Determination of the Review Board.--
       (1) In general.--The Review Board shall direct that all 
     records that relate, directly or indirectly, to the loss, 
     fate, or status of missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel be transmitted to the Archivist and disclosed to 
     the public in the Collection in the absence of clear and 
     convincing evidence that the record is not a missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel record.
       (2) Postponement.--In approving postponement of public 
     disclosure of a missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel 
     record, or information within a missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record, the Review Board shall seek to--
       (A) provide for the disclosure of segregable parts, 
     substitutes, or summaries of the missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record; and
       (B) determine, in consultation with the originating body 
     and consistent with the standards for postponement under this 
     subtitle, which of the following alternative forms of 
     disclosure shall be made by the originating body:
       (i) Any reasonably segregable particular information in a 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record.
       (ii) A substitute record for that information which is 
     postponed.
       (iii) A summary of a missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel record.
       (3) Reporting.--With respect to a missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record, or information within a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record, the public 
     disclosure of which is postponed under this subtitle, or for 
     which only substitutions or summaries have been disclosed to 
     the public, the Review Board shall create and transmit to the 
     Archivist, the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability of the House of Representatives 
     an unclassified and publicly releasable report containing--
       (A) a description of actions by the Review Board, the 
     originating body, or any Government office (including a 
     justification of any such action to postpone disclosure of 
     any record or part of any record) and of any official 
     proceedings conducted by the Review Board; and
       (B) a statement, based on a review of the proceedings and 
     in conformity with the decisions reflected therein, 
     designating a recommended specified time at which, or a 
     specified occurrence following which, the material may be 
     appropriately disclosed to the public under this subtitle, 
     which the Review Board shall disclose to the public with 
     notice thereof, reasonably calculated to make interested 
     members of the public aware of the existence of the 
     statement.
       (4) Actions after determination.--
       (A) In general.--Not later than 30 days after the date of a 
     determination by the Review Board that a missing Armed Forces 
     and civilian personnel record shall be publicly disclosed in 
     the Collection or postponed for disclosure and held in the 
     protected Collection, the Review Board shall notify the head 
     of the originating body of the determination and highlight 
     and make available the determination on a publicly accessible 
     website reasonably calculated to make interested members of 
     the public aware of the existence of the determination.
       (B) Oversight notice.--Simultaneous with notice under 
     subparagraph (A), the Review Board shall provide notice of a 
     determination concerning the public disclosure or 
     postponement of disclosure of a missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record, or information contained within a 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel record, which 
     shall include a written unclassified justification for public 
     disclosure or postponement of disclosure, including an 
     explanation of the application of any standards in section 
     1099B to the President, to the Committee on Homeland Security 
     and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on 
     Oversight and Reform of the House of Representatives.
       (5) Referral after termination.--A missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel record that is identified, located, or 
     otherwise discovered after the date on which the Review Board 
     terminates shall be transmitted to the Archivist for the 
     Collection and referred to the Committee on Armed Services of 
     the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House 
     of Representatives for review, ongoing oversight and, as 
     warranted, referral for possible enforcement action relating 
     to a violation of this subtitle and determination as to 
     whether declassification of the missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel is warranted under this subtitle.
       (c) Notice to Public.--Every 30 days, beginning on the date 
     that is 60 days after the date on which the Review Board 
     first approves the postponement of disclosure of a missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel record, the Review Board 
     shall highlight and make accessible on a publicly available 
     website reasonably calculated to make interested members of 
     the public aware of the existence of the postponement a 
     notice that summarizes the postponements approved by the 
     Review Board, including a description of the subject, 
     originating body, length or other physical description, and 
     each ground for postponement that is relied upon.
       (d) Reports by the Review Board.--
       (1) In general.--Not later than 1 year after the date of 
     enactment of this Act, and every year thereafter until the 
     Review Board terminates, the Review Board shall submit a 
     report regarding the activities of the Review Board to--
       (A) the Committee on Oversight and Reform of the House of 
     Representatives;
       (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs of the Senate;
       (C) the President;
       (D) the Archivist; and
       (E) the head of any Government office the records of which 
     have been the subject of Review Board activity.
       (2) Contents.--Each report under paragraph (1) shall 
     include the following information:
       (A) A financial report of the expenses for all official 
     activities and requirements of the Review Board and its 
     employees.
       (B) The progress made on review, transmission to the 
     Archivist, and public disclosure of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel records.
       (C) The estimated time and volume of missing Armed Forces 
     and civilian personnel records involved in the completion of 
     the duties of the Review Board under this subtitle.
       (D) Any special problems, including requests and the level 
     of cooperation of Government offices, with regard to the 
     ability of the Review Board to carry out its duties under 
     this subtitle.
       (E) A record of review activities, including a record of 
     postponement decisions by the Review Board or other related 
     actions authorized under this subtitle, and a record of the 
     volume of records reviewed and postponed.
       (F) Suggestions and requests to Congress for additional 
     legislative authority needs.
       (G) An appendix containing copies of reports relating to 
     postponed records submitted to the Archivist under subsection 
     (b)(3) since the end of the period covered by the most recent 
     report under paragraph (1).
       (3) Copies and briefs.--Coincident with the reporting 
     requirements in paragraph (2), or more frequently as 
     warranted by new information, the Review Board shall provide 
     copies to, and fully brief, at a minimum, the President, the 
     Archivist, leadership of Congress, the Chairman and Ranking 
     Members of the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability of the House of Representatives, 
     and the Chairs and Chairmen, as the case may be, and Ranking 
     Members and Vice Chairmen, as the case may be, of such other 
     committees as leadership of Congress determines appropriate 
     on the Controlled Disclosure Campaign Plan, classified 
     appendix, and postponed disclosures, specifically 
     addressing--
       (A) recommendations for periodic review, downgrading, and 
     declassification, as well as the exact time or specified 
     occurrence following which specific missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian material may be appropriately disclosed;
       (B) the rationale behind each postponement determination 
     and the recommended means to achieve disclosure of each 
     postponed item;
       (C) any other findings that the Review Board chooses to 
     offer; and
       (D) an addendum containing copies of reports of postponed 
     records to the Archivist required under subsection (b)(3) 
     made since the date of the preceding report under this 
     subsection.
       (4) Termination notice.--Not later than 90 days before the 
     Review Board expects to complete the work of the Review Board 
     under this subtitle, the Review Board shall provide written 
     notice to Congress of the intent of the Review Board to 
     terminate operations at a specified date.

     SEC. 1099F. DISCLOSURE OF OTHER MATERIALS AND ADDITIONAL 
                   STUDY.

       (a) Materials Under Seal of Court.--
       (1) In general.--The Review Board may request the Attorney 
     General to petition any court of the United States or of a 
     foreign country to release any information relevant to the 
     loss, fate, or status of missing Armed Forces and civilian 
     personnel that is held under seal of the court.
       (2) Grand jury information.--
       (A) In general.--The Review Board may request the Attorney 
     General to petition any court of the United States to release 
     any information relevant to loss, fate, or status of missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel that is held under the 
     injunction of secrecy of a grand jury.

[[Page S6107]]

       (B) Treatment.--A request for disclosure of missing Armed 
     Forces and civilian personnel materials under this subtitle 
     shall be deemed to constitute a showing of particularized 
     need under rule 6 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure.
       (b) Sense of Congress.--It is the sense of Congress that--
       (1) the Attorney General should assist the Review Board in 
     good faith to unseal any records that the Review Board 
     determines to be relevant and held under seal by a court or 
     under the injunction of secrecy of a grand jury;
       (2) the Secretary of State should--
       (A) contact the Governments of the Russian Federation, the 
     People's Republic of China, and the Democratic People's 
     Republic of Korea to seek the disclosure of all records in 
     their respective custody, possession, or control relevant to 
     the loss, fate, or status of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel; and
       (B) contact any other foreign government that may hold 
     information relevant to the loss, fate, or status of missing 
     Armed Forces and civilian personnel, and seek disclosure of 
     such information; and
       (3) all agencies should cooperate in full with the Review 
     Board to seek the disclosure of all information relevant to 
     the loss, fate, or status of missing Armed Forces and 
     civilian personnel consistent with the public interest.

     SEC. 1099G. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION.

       (a) Precedence Over Other Law.--When this subtitle requires 
     transmission of a record to the Archivist or public 
     disclosure, it shall take precedence over any other law 
     (except section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), 
     judicial decision construing such law, or common law doctrine 
     that would otherwise prohibit such transmission or 
     disclosure, with the exception of deeds governing access to 
     or transfer or release of gifts and donations of records to 
     the United States Government.
       (b) Freedom of Information Act.--Nothing in this subtitle 
     shall be construed to eliminate or limit any right to file 
     requests with any Executive agency or seek judicial review of 
     the decisions under section 552 of title 5, United States 
     Code.
       (c) Judicial Review.--Nothing in this subtitle shall be 
     construed to preclude judicial review under chapter 7 of 
     title 5, United States Code, of final actions taken or 
     required to be taken under this subtitle.
       (d) Existing Authority.--Nothing in this subtitle revokes 
     or limits the existing authority of the President, any 
     Executive agency, the Senate, or the House of 
     Representatives, or any other entity of the Government to 
     publicly disclose records in its custody, possession, or 
     control.
       (e) Rules of the Senate and House of Representatives.--To 
     the extent that any provision of this subtitle establishes a 
     procedure to be followed in the Senate or the House of 
     Representatives, such provision is adopted--
       (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate 
     and House of Representatives, respectively, and is deemed to 
     be part of the rules of each House, respectively, but 
     applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed 
     in that House, and it supersedes other rules only to the 
     extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and
       (2) with full recognition of the constitutional right of 
     either House to change the rules (so far as they relate to 
     the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner, 
     and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of 
     that House.

     SEC. 1099H. REQUESTS FOR EXTENSIONS.

       The head of a Government office required to comply with a 
     deadline under this subtitle that is based off the date of 
     establishment of a quorum of the Missing Armed Forces and 
     Civilian Personnel Records Review Board under section 1099C 
     may request an extension from the Board for good cause. If 
     the Board agrees to the request, the deadline applicable to 
     the Government office for the purpose of such requirement 
     shall be such later date as the Board may determine 
     appropriate.

     SEC. 1099I. TERMINATION OF EFFECT OF SUBTITLE.

       (a) Provisions Pertaining to the Review Board.--The 
     provisions of this subtitle that pertain to the appointment 
     and operation of the Review Board shall cease to be effective 
     when the Review Board and the terms of its members have 
     terminated under section 1099C(o).
       (b) Other Provisions.--The remaining provisions of this 
     subtitle shall continue in effect until such time as the 
     Archivist certifies to the President and Congress that all 
     missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel records have been 
     made available to the public in accordance with this 
     subtitle.

     SEC. 1099J. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.

       There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are 
     necessary to carry out this subtitle, to remain available 
     until expended.

     SEC. 1099K. SEVERABILITY.

       If any provision of this subtitle, or the application 
     thereof to any person or circumstance, is held invalid, the 
     remainder of this subtitle and the application of that 
     provision to other persons not similarly situated or to other 
     circumstances shall not be affected by the invalidation.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 3284. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. Casey, and Mr. Sullivan) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 
4638, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2025 for military 
activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and 
for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe 
military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other 
purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

       At the appropriate place, insert the following:

     SEC. ___. OUTBOUND INVESTMENT TRANSPARENCY.

       (a) In General.--The Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 
     U.S.C. 4501 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the 
     following:

              ``TITLE VIII--PROTECTION OF COVERED SECTORS

     ``SEC. 801. DEFINITIONS.

       ``In this title:
       ``(1) Appropriate congressional committees.--The term 
     `appropriate congressional committees' means--
       ``(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs 
     and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of 
     the Senate; and
       ``(B) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee 
     on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives.
       ``(2) Country of concern.--The term `country of concern' 
     means, subject to such regulations as may be prescribed in 
     accordance with section 806, a country specified in section 
     4872(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code.
       ``(3) Covered activity.--
       ``(A) In general.--Subject to such regulations as may be 
     prescribed in accordance with section 806, and except as 
     provided in subparagraph (B), the term `covered activity' 
     means any activity engaged in by a United States person in a 
     related covered sector that involves--
       ``(i) an acquisition by such United States person of an 
     equity interest or contingent equity interest, or monetary 
     capital contribution, in a covered foreign entity, directly 
     or indirectly, by contractual commitment or otherwise, with 
     the goal of generating income or gain;
       ``(ii) an arrangement for an interest held by such United 
     States person in the short- or long-term debt obligations of 
     a covered foreign entity that includes governance rights that 
     are characteristic of an equity investment, management, or 
     other important rights, as defined in regulations prescribed 
     in accordance with section 806;
       ``(iii) the establishment of a wholly owned subsidiary in a 
     country of concern, such as a greenfield investment, for the 
     purpose of production, design, testing, manufacturing, 
     fabrication, or development related to one or more covered 
     sectors;
       ``(iv) the establishment by such United States person of a 
     joint venture in a country of concern or with a covered 
     foreign entity for the purpose of production, design, 
     testing, manufacturing, fabrication, or research involving 
     one or more covered sectors, or other contractual or other 
     commitments involving a covered foreign entity to jointly 
     research and develop new innovation, including through the 
     transfer of capital or intellectual property or other 
     business proprietary information; or
       ``(v) the acquisition by a United States person with a 
     covered foreign entity of--

       ``(I) operational cooperation, such as through supply or 
     support arrangements;
       ``(II) the right to board representation (as an observer, 
     even if limited, or as a member) or an executive role (as may 
     be defined through regulation) in a covered foreign entity;
       ``(III) the ability to direct or influence such operational 
     decisions as may be defined through such regulations;
       ``(IV) formal governance representation in any operating 
     affiliate, like a portfolio company, of a covered foreign 
     entity; or
       ``(V) a new relationship to share or provide business 
     services, such as but not limited to financial services, 
     marketing services, maintenance, or assembly functions, 
     related to covered sectors.

       ``(B) Exceptions.--The term `covered activity' does not 
     include--
       ``(i) any transaction the value of which the Secretary of 
     the Treasury determines is de minimis, as defined in 
     regulations prescribed in accordance with section 806;
       ``(ii) any category of transactions that the Secretary 
     determines is in the national interest of the United States, 
     as may be defined in regulations prescribed in accordance 
     with section 806;
       ``(iii) any ordinary or administrative business transaction 
     as may be defined in such regulations;
       ``(iv) an investment by a United States person in--

       ``(I) any publicly traded security (as that term is defined 
     in section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
     (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(10)), denominated in any currency, that 
     trades on a securities exchange or through the method of 
     trading that is commonly referred to as `over-the-counter,' 
     in any jurisdiction; or
       ``(II) a security issued by--

       ``(aa) any investment company (as that term is defined in 
     section 3(a)(1) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
     amended, at 15 U.S.C. 80a-3(a)(1)) that is registered with 
     the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as index funds, 
     mutual funds, or exchange traded funds;

[[Page S6108]]

       ``(bb) any company that has elected to be a business 
     development company pursuant to section 54 of the Investment 
     Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-53); or
       ``(cc) any derivative of item (aa) or (bb);
       ``(v) any ancillary transaction undertaken by a financial 
     institution (as that term is defined in defined in section 
     5312 of title 31, United States Code); or
       ``(vi) the creation, contribution to, or provision of 
     software distributed under open source licenses that permit 
     downstream users to use, reproduce, distribute, copy, create 
     derivative works of, and make modifications to the software.
       ``(C) Ancillary transaction defined.--In this paragraph, 
     the term `ancillary transaction' means the processing, 
     settling, clearing or sending of payments and cash 
     transactions, underwriting services, credit rating services, 
     and other services ordinarily incident to and part of the 
     provision of financial services, such as opening bank 
     accounts, direct custody services, foreign exchange services, 
     remittances services, and safe deposit services.
       ``(4) Covered foreign entity.--
       ``(A) In general.--Subject to regulations prescribed in 
     accordance with section 806, and except as provided in 
     subparagraph (B), the term `covered foreign entity' means--
       ``(i) any entity that is incorporated in, has a principal 
     place of business in, or is organized under the laws of a 
     country of concern;
       ``(ii) any entity the equity securities of which are 
     primarily traded in the ordinary course of business on one or 
     more exchanges in a country of concern;
       ``(iii) any entity in which any entity described in 
     subclause (i) or (ii) holds, individually or in the 
     aggregate, directly or indirectly, an ownership interest of 
     greater than 50 percent; or
       ``(iv) any other entity that is not a United States person 
     and that meets such criteria as may be specified by the 
     Secretary of the Treasury in such regulations.
       ``(B) Exception.--The term `covered foreign entity' does 
     not include any entity described in subparagraph (A) that can 
     demonstrate that a majority of the equity interest in the 
     entity is ultimately owned by--
       ``(i) nationals of the United States; or
       ``(ii) nationals of such countries (other than countries of 
     concern) as are identified for purposes of this subparagraph 
     pursuant to regulations prescribed in accordance with section 
     806.
       ``(5) Covered sectors.--Subject to regulations prescribed 
     in accordance with section 806, the term `covered sectors' 
     includes sectors within the following areas, as specified in 
     such regulations:
       ``(A) Advanced semiconductors and microelectronics.
       ``(B) Artificial intelligence.
       ``(C) Quantum information science and technology.
       ``(D) Hypersonics.
       ``(E) Satellite-based communications.
       ``(F) Networked laser scanning systems with dual-use 
     applications.
       ``(6) Party.--The term `party', with respect to an 
     activity, has the meaning given that term in regulations 
     prescribed in accordance with section 806.
       ``(7) United states.--The term `United States' means the 
     several States, the District of Columbia, and any territory 
     or possession of the United States.
       ``(8) United states person.--The term `United States 
     person' means--
       ``(A) an individual who is a citizen or national of the 
     United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent 
     residence in the United States; and
       ``(B) any corporation, partnership, or other entity 
     organized under the laws of the United States or the laws of 
     any jurisdiction within the United States.

     ``SEC. 802. ADMINISTRATION OF UNITED STATES INVESTMENT 
                   NOTIFICATION.

       ``(a) In General.--The President shall delegate the 
     authorities and functions under this title to the Secretary 
     of the Treasury.
       ``(b) Coordination.--In carrying out the duties of the 
     Secretary under this title, the Secretary shall--
       ``(1) coordinate with the Secretary of Commerce; and
       ``(2) consult with the United States Trade Representative, 
     the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the 
     Director of National Intelligence.

     ``SEC. 803. MANDATORY NOTIFICATION OF COVERED ACTIVITIES.

       ``(a) Mandatory Notification.--
       ``(1) In general.--Subject to regulations prescribed in 
     accordance with section 806, beginning on the date that is 90 
     days after such regulations take effect, a United States 
     person that plans to engage in a covered activity shall--
       ``(A) if such covered activity is not a secured 
     transaction, submit to the Secretary of the Treasury a 
     complete written notification of the activity not later than 
     14 days before the anticipated completion date of the 
     activity; and
       ``(B) if such covered activity is a secured transaction, 
     submit to the Secretary of the Treasury a complete written 
     notification of the activity not later than 14 days after the 
     completion date of the activity.
       ``(2) Circulation of notification.--
       ``(A) In general.--The Secretary shall, upon receipt of a 
     notification under paragraph (1), promptly inspect the 
     notification for completeness.
       ``(B) Incomplete notifications.--If a notification 
     submitted under paragraph (1) is incomplete, the Secretary 
     shall promptly inform the United States person that submits 
     the notification that the notification is not complete and 
     provide an explanation of relevant material respects in which 
     the notification is not complete.
       ``(3) Identification of non-notified activity.--The 
     Secretary shall establish a process to identify covered 
     activities for which--
       ``(A) a notification is not submitted to the Secretary 
     under paragraph (1); and
       ``(B) information is reasonably available.
       ``(b) Confidentiality of Information.--
       ``(1) In general.--Except as provided in paragraph (2), any 
     information or documentary material filed with the Secretary 
     of the Treasury pursuant to this section shall be exempt from 
     disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, 
     and no such information or documentary material may be made 
     public by any government agency or Member of Congress.
       ``(2) Exceptions.--The exemption from disclosure provided 
     by paragraph (1) shall not prevent the disclosure of the 
     following:
       ``(A) Information relevant to any administrative or 
     judicial action or proceeding.
       ``(B) Information provided to Congress or any of the 
     appropriate congressional committees.
       ``(C) Information important to the national security 
     analysis or actions of the President to any domestic 
     governmental entity, or to any foreign governmental entity of 
     an ally or partner of the United States, under the direction 
     and authorization of the President or the Secretary, only to 
     the extent necessary for national security purposes, and 
     subject to appropriate confidentiality and classification 
     requirements.
       ``(D) Information that the parties have consented to be 
     disclosed to third parties.

     ``SEC. 804. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.

       ``(a) In General.--Not later than 360 days after the date 
     on which the regulations prescribed under section 806 take 
     effect, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the 
     Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the appropriate 
     congressional committees a report that--
       ``(1) lists all notifications submitted under section 
     803(a) during the year preceding submission of the report and 
     includes, with respect to each such notification--
       ``(A) basic information on each party to the covered 
     activity with respect to which the notification was 
     submitted; and
       ``(B) the nature of the covered activity that was the 
     subject to the notification, including the elements of the 
     covered activity that necessitated a notification;
       ``(2) includes a summary of those notifications, 
     disaggregated by sector, by covered activity, and by country 
     of concern;
       ``(3) provides additional context and information regarding 
     trends in the sectors, the types of covered activities, and 
     the countries involved in those notifications;
       ``(4) includes a description of the national security risks 
     associated with--
       ``(A) the covered activities with respect to which those 
     notifications were submitted; or
       ``(B) categories of such activities; and
       ``(5) assesses the overall impact of those notifications, 
     including recommendations for--
       ``(A) expanding existing Federal programs to support the 
     production or supply of covered sectors in the United States, 
     including the potential of existing authorities to address 
     any related national security concerns;
       ``(B) investments needed to enhance covered sectors and 
     reduce dependence on countries of concern regarding those 
     sectors; and
       ``(C) the continuation, expansion, or modification of the 
     implementation and administration of this title, including 
     recommendations with respect to whether the definition of 
     `country of concern' under section 801(2) should be amended 
     to add or remove countries.
       ``(b) Form of Report.--Each report required by this section 
     shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a 
     classified annex.
       ``(c) Testimony Required.--Not later than one year after 
     the date of enactment of this title, and annually thereafter, 
     the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Commerce 
     shall each provide to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
     Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial 
     Services of the House of Representatives testimony with 
     respect to the national security threats relating to 
     investments by United States persons in countries of concern 
     and broader international capital flows.

     ``SEC. 805. PENALTIES AND ENFORCEMENT.

       ``(a) Penalties With Respect to Unlawful Acts.--Subject to 
     regulations prescribed in accordance with section 806, it 
     shall be unlawful--
       ``(1) to fail to submit a notification under subsection (a) 
     of section 803 with respect to a covered activity or to 
     submit other information as required by the Secretary of the 
     Treasury; or
       ``(2) to make a material misstatement or to omit a material 
     fact in any information submitted to the Secretary under this 
     title.
       ``(b) Enforcement.--The President may direct the Attorney 
     General to seek appropriate relief in the district courts of 
     the United States, in order to implement and enforce this 
     title.

     ``SEC. 806. REQUIREMENT FOR REGULATIONS.

       ``(a) In General.--Not later than 360 days after the date 
     of the enactment of this title, the Secretary of the Treasury 
     shall finalize regulations to carry out this title.
       ``(b) Elements.--Regulations prescribed to carry out this 
     title shall include specific examples of the types of--

[[Page S6109]]

       ``(1) activities that will be considered to be covered 
     activities; and
       ``(2) the specific sectors and subsectors that may be 
     considered to be covered sectors.
       ``(c) Requirements for Certain Regulations.--The Secretary 
     of the Treasury shall prescribe regulations further defining 
     the terms used in this title, including `covered activity', 
     `covered foreign entity', and `party', in accordance with 
     subchapter II of chapter 5 and chapter 7 of title 5 (commonly 
     known as the `Administrative Procedure Act').
       ``(d) Public Participation in Rulemaking.--The provisions 
     of section 709 shall apply to any regulations issued under 
     this title.
       ``(e) Low-Burden Regulations.--In prescribing regulations 
     under this section, the Secretary of the Treasury shall 
     structure the regulations--
       ``(1) to minimize the cost and complexity of compliance for 
     affected parties;
       ``(2) to ensure the benefits of the regulations outweigh 
     their costs;
       ``(3) to adopt the least burdensome alternative that 
     achieves regulatory objectives;
       ``(4) to prioritize transparency and stakeholder 
     involvement in the process of prescribing the regulations; 
     and
       ``(5) to regularly review and streamline existing 
     regulations to reduce redundancy and complexity.

     ``SEC. 807. MULTILATERAL ENGAGEMENT AND COORDINATION.

       ``(a) In General.--The President shall delegate the 
     authorities and functions under this section to the Secretary 
     of State.
       ``(b) Authorities.--The Secretary of State, in coordination 
     with the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of 
     Commerce, the United States Trade Representative, and the 
     Director of National Intelligence, shall--
       ``(1) conduct bilateral and multilateral engagement with 
     the governments of countries that are allies and partners of 
     the United States to ensure coordination of protocols and 
     procedures with respect to covered activities with countries 
     of concern and covered foreign entities; and
       ``(2) upon adoption of protocols and procedures described 
     in paragraph (1), work with those governments to establish 
     mechanisms for sharing information, including trends, with 
     respect to such activities.
       ``(c) Strategy for Development of Outbound Investment 
     Screening Mechanisms.--The Secretary of State, in 
     coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury and in 
     consultation with the Attorney General, shall--
       ``(1) develop a strategy to work with countries that are 
     allies and partners of the United States to develop 
     mechanisms comparable to this title for the notification of 
     covered activities; and
       ``(2) provide technical assistance to those countries with 
     respect to the development of those mechanisms.
       ``(d) Report.--
       ``(1) In general.--Not later than 90 days after the 
     development of the strategy required by subsection (b), and 
     annually thereafter for a period of 5 years, the Secretary of 
     State shall submit to the appropriate congressional 
     committees a report that includes the strategy, the status of 
     implementing the strategy, and a description of any 
     impediments to the establishment of mechanisms comparable to 
     this title by allies and partners.
       ``(2) Appropriate congressional committees defined.--In 
     this subsection, the term `appropriate congressional 
     committees' means--
       ``(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on 
     Finance, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban 
     Affairs, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
     Transportation, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of 
     the Senate; and
       ``(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on 
     Ways and Means, the Committee on Financial Services, the 
     Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Permanent Select 
     Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives.

     ``SEC. 808. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.

       ``(a) In General.--There are authorized to be appropriated 
     such sums as may be necessary to carry out this title, 
     including to provide outreach to industry and persons 
     affected by this title.
       ``(b) Hiring Authority.--The head of any agency designated 
     as a lead agency under section 802(b) may appoint, without 
     regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3318 of 
     title 5, United States Code, not more than 25 candidates 
     directly to positions in the competitive service (as defined 
     in section 2102 of that title) in that agency. The primary 
     responsibility of individuals in positions authorized under 
     the preceding sentence shall be to administer this title.

     ``SEC. 809. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION WITH RESPECT TO FREE AND 
                   FAIR COMMERCE.

       ``Nothing in this title may be construed to restrain or 
     deter foreign investment in the United States, United States 
     investment abroad, or trade in goods or services, if such 
     investment and trade do not pose a risk to the national 
     security of the United States.''.
       (b) Sunset.--This section and the amendments made by this 
     section shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the 
     date of the enactment of this Act.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6107-S6109]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

  SA 3284. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. Casey, and Mr. Sullivan) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 
4638, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2025 for military 
activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and 
for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe 
military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other 
purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

       At the appropriate place, insert the following:

     SEC. ___. OUTBOUND INVESTMENT TRANSPARENCY.

       (a) In General.--The Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 
     U.S.C. 4501 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the 
     following:

              ``TITLE VIII--PROTECTION OF COVERED SECTORS

     ``SEC. 801. DEFINITIONS.

       ``In this title:
       ``(1) Appropriate congressional committees.--The term 
     `appropriate congressional committees' means--
       ``(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs 
     and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of 
     the Senate; and
       ``(B) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee 
     on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives.
       ``(2) Country of concern.--The term `country of concern' 
     means, subject to such regulations as may be prescribed in 
     accordance with section 806, a country specified in section 
     4872(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code.
       ``(3) Covered activity.--
       ``(A) In general.--Subject to such regulations as may be 
     prescribed in accordance with section 806, and except as 
     provided in subparagraph (B), the term `covered activity' 
     means any activity engaged in by a United States person in a 
     related covered sector that involves--
       ``(i) an acquisition by such United States person of an 
     equity interest or contingent equity interest, or monetary 
     capital contribution, in a covered foreign entity, directly 
     or indirectly, by contractual commitment or otherwise, with 
     the goal of generating income or gain;
       ``(ii) an arrangement for an interest held by such United 
     States person in the short- or long-term debt obligations of 
     a covered foreign entity that includes governance rights that 
     are characteristic of an equity investment, management, or 
     other important rights, as defined in regulations prescribed 
     in accordance with section 806;
       ``(iii) the establishment of a wholly owned subsidiary in a 
     country of concern, such as a greenfield investment, for the 
     purpose of production, design, testing, manufacturing, 
     fabrication, or development related to one or more covered 
     sectors;
       ``(iv) the establishment by such United States person of a 
     joint venture in a country of concern or with a covered 
     foreign entity for the purpose of production, design, 
     testing, manufacturing, fabrication, or research involving 
     one or more covered sectors, or other contractual or other 
     commitments involving a covered foreign entity to jointly 
     research and develop new innovation, including through the 
     transfer of capital or intellectual property or other 
     business proprietary information; or
       ``(v) the acquisition by a United States person with a 
     covered foreign entity of--

       ``(I) operational cooperation, such as through supply or 
     support arrangements;
       ``(II) the right to board representation (as an observer, 
     even if limited, or as a member) or an executive role (as may 
     be defined through regulation) in a covered foreign entity;
       ``(III) the ability to direct or influence such operational 
     decisions as may be defined through such regulations;
       ``(IV) formal governance representation in any operating 
     affiliate, like a portfolio company, of a covered foreign 
     entity; or
       ``(V) a new relationship to share or provide business 
     services, such as but not limited to financial services, 
     marketing services, maintenance, or assembly functions, 
     related to covered sectors.

       ``(B) Exceptions.--The term `covered activity' does not 
     include--
       ``(i) any transaction the value of which the Secretary of 
     the Treasury determines is de minimis, as defined in 
     regulations prescribed in accordance with section 806;
       ``(ii) any category of transactions that the Secretary 
     determines is in the national interest of the United States, 
     as may be defined in regulations prescribed in accordance 
     with section 806;
       ``(iii) any ordinary or administrative business transaction 
     as may be defined in such regulations;
       ``(iv) an investment by a United States person in--

       ``(I) any publicly traded security (as that term is defined 
     in section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
     (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(10)), denominated in any currency, that 
     trades on a securities exchange or through the method of 
     trading that is commonly referred to as `over-the-counter,' 
     in any jurisdiction; or
       ``(II) a security issued by--

       ``(aa) any investment company (as that term is defined in 
     section 3(a)(1) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
     amended, at 15 U.S.C. 80a-3(a)(1)) that is registered with 
     the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as index funds, 
     mutual funds, or exchange traded funds;

[[Page S6108]]

       ``(bb) any company that has elected to be a business 
     development company pursuant to section 54 of the Investment 
     Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-53); or
       ``(cc) any derivative of item (aa) or (bb);
       ``(v) any ancillary transaction undertaken by a financial 
     institution (as that term is defined in defined in section 
     5312 of title 31, United States Code); or
       ``(vi) the creation, contribution to, or provision of 
     software distributed under open source licenses that permit 
     downstream users to use, reproduce, distribute, copy, create 
     derivative works of, and make modifications to the software.
       ``(C) Ancillary transaction defined.--In this paragraph, 
     the term `ancillary transaction' means the processing, 
     settling, clearing or sending of payments and cash 
     transactions, underwriting services, credit rating services, 
     and other services ordinarily incident to and part of the 
     provision of financial services, such as opening bank 
     accounts, direct custody services, foreign exchange services, 
     remittances services, and safe deposit services.
       ``(4) Covered foreign entity.--
       ``(A) In general.--Subject to regulations prescribed in 
     accordance with section 806, and except as provided in 
     subparagraph (B), the term `covered foreign entity' means--
       ``(i) any entity that is incorporated in, has a principal 
     place of business in, or is organized under the laws of a 
     country of concern;
       ``(ii) any entity the equity securities of which are 
     primarily traded in the ordinary course of business on one or 
     more exchanges in a country of concern;
       ``(iii) any entity in which any entity described in 
     subclause (i) or (ii) holds, individually or in the 
     aggregate, directly or indirectly, an ownership interest of 
     greater than 50 percent; or
       ``(iv) any other entity that is not a United States person 
     and that meets such criteria as may be specified by the 
     Secretary of the Treasury in such regulations.
       ``(B) Exception.--The term `covered foreign entity' does 
     not include any entity described in subparagraph (A) that can 
     demonstrate that a majority of the equity interest in the 
     entity is ultimately owned by--
       ``(i) nationals of the United States; or
       ``(ii) nationals of such countries (other than countries of 
     concern) as are identified for purposes of this subparagraph 
     pursuant to regulations prescribed in accordance with section 
     806.
       ``(5) Covered sectors.--Subject to regulations prescribed 
     in accordance with section 806, the term `covered sectors' 
     includes sectors within the following areas, as specified in 
     such regulations:
       ``(A) Advanced semiconductors and microelectronics.
       ``(B) Artificial intelligence.
       ``(C) Quantum information science and technology.
       ``(D) Hypersonics.
       ``(E) Satellite-based communications.
       ``(F) Networked laser scanning systems with dual-use 
     applications.
       ``(6) Party.--The term `party', with respect to an 
     activity, has the meaning given that term in regulations 
     prescribed in accordance with section 806.
       ``(7) United states.--The term `United States' means the 
     several States, the District of Columbia, and any territory 
     or possession of the United States.
       ``(8) United states person.--The term `United States 
     person' means--
       ``(A) an individual who is a citizen or national of the 
     United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent 
     residence in the United States; and
       ``(B) any corporation, partnership, or other entity 
     organized under the laws of the United States or the laws of 
     any jurisdiction within the United States.

     ``SEC. 802. ADMINISTRATION OF UNITED STATES INVESTMENT 
                   NOTIFICATION.

       ``(a) In General.--The President shall delegate the 
     authorities and functions under this title to the Secretary 
     of the Treasury.
       ``(b) Coordination.--In carrying out the duties of the 
     Secretary under this title, the Secretary shall--
       ``(1) coordinate with the Secretary of Commerce; and
       ``(2) consult with the United States Trade Representative, 
     the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the 
     Director of National Intelligence.

     ``SEC. 803. MANDATORY NOTIFICATION OF COVERED ACTIVITIES.

       ``(a) Mandatory Notification.--
       ``(1) In general.--Subject to regulations prescribed in 
     accordance with section 806, beginning on the date that is 90 
     days after such regulations take effect, a United States 
     person that plans to engage in a covered activity shall--
       ``(A) if such covered activity is not a secured 
     transaction, submit to the Secretary of the Treasury a 
     complete written notification of the activity not later than 
     14 days before the anticipated completion date of the 
     activity; and
       ``(B) if such covered activity is a secured transaction, 
     submit to the Secretary of the Treasury a complete written 
     notification of the activity not later than 14 days after the 
     completion date of the activity.
       ``(2) Circulation of notification.--
       ``(A) In general.--The Secretary shall, upon receipt of a 
     notification under paragraph (1), promptly inspect the 
     notification for completeness.
       ``(B) Incomplete notifications.--If a notification 
     submitted under paragraph (1) is incomplete, the Secretary 
     shall promptly inform the United States person that submits 
     the notification that the notification is not complete and 
     provide an explanation of relevant material respects in which 
     the notification is not complete.
       ``(3) Identification of non-notified activity.--The 
     Secretary shall establish a process to identify covered 
     activities for which--
       ``(A) a notification is not submitted to the Secretary 
     under paragraph (1); and
       ``(B) information is reasonably available.
       ``(b) Confidentiality of Information.--
       ``(1) In general.--Except as provided in paragraph (2), any 
     information or documentary material filed with the Secretary 
     of the Treasury pursuant to this section shall be exempt from 
     disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, 
     and no such information or documentary material may be made 
     public by any government agency or Member of Congress.
       ``(2) Exceptions.--The exemption from disclosure provided 
     by paragraph (1) shall not prevent the disclosure of the 
     following:
       ``(A) Information relevant to any administrative or 
     judicial action or proceeding.
       ``(B) Information provided to Congress or any of the 
     appropriate congressional committees.
       ``(C) Information important to the national security 
     analysis or actions of the President to any domestic 
     governmental entity, or to any foreign governmental entity of 
     an ally or partner of the United States, under the direction 
     and authorization of the President or the Secretary, only to 
     the extent necessary for national security purposes, and 
     subject to appropriate confidentiality and classification 
     requirements.
       ``(D) Information that the parties have consented to be 
     disclosed to third parties.

     ``SEC. 804. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.

       ``(a) In General.--Not later than 360 days after the date 
     on which the regulations prescribed under section 806 take 
     effect, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the 
     Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the appropriate 
     congressional committees a report that--
       ``(1) lists all notifications submitted under section 
     803(a) during the year preceding submission of the report and 
     includes, with respect to each such notification--
       ``(A) basic information on each party to the covered 
     activity with respect to which the notification was 
     submitted; and
       ``(B) the nature of the covered activity that was the 
     subject to the notification, including the elements of the 
     covered activity that necessitated a notification;
       ``(2) includes a summary of those notifications, 
     disaggregated by sector, by covered activity, and by country 
     of concern;
       ``(3) provides additional context and information regarding 
     trends in the sectors, the types of covered activities, and 
     the countries involved in those notifications;
       ``(4) includes a description of the national security risks 
     associated with--
       ``(A) the covered activities with respect to which those 
     notifications were submitted; or
       ``(B) categories of such activities; and
       ``(5) assesses the overall impact of those notifications, 
     including recommendations for--
       ``(A) expanding existing Federal programs to support the 
     production or supply of covered sectors in the United States, 
     including the potential of existing authorities to address 
     any related national security concerns;
       ``(B) investments needed to enhance covered sectors and 
     reduce dependence on countries of concern regarding those 
     sectors; and
       ``(C) the continuation, expansion, or modification of the 
     implementation and administration of this title, including 
     recommendations with respect to whether the definition of 
     `country of concern' under section 801(2) should be amended 
     to add or remove countries.
       ``(b) Form of Report.--Each report required by this section 
     shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a 
     classified annex.
       ``(c) Testimony Required.--Not later than one year after 
     the date of enactment of this title, and annually thereafter, 
     the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Commerce 
     shall each provide to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
     Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial 
     Services of the House of Representatives testimony with 
     respect to the national security threats relating to 
     investments by United States persons in countries of concern 
     and broader international capital flows.

     ``SEC. 805. PENALTIES AND ENFORCEMENT.

       ``(a) Penalties With Respect to Unlawful Acts.--Subject to 
     regulations prescribed in accordance with section 806, it 
     shall be unlawful--
       ``(1) to fail to submit a notification under subsection (a) 
     of section 803 with respect to a covered activity or to 
     submit other information as required by the Secretary of the 
     Treasury; or
       ``(2) to make a material misstatement or to omit a material 
     fact in any information submitted to the Secretary under this 
     title.
       ``(b) Enforcement.--The President may direct the Attorney 
     General to seek appropriate relief in the district courts of 
     the United States, in order to implement and enforce this 
     title.

     ``SEC. 806. REQUIREMENT FOR REGULATIONS.

       ``(a) In General.--Not later than 360 days after the date 
     of the enactment of this title, the Secretary of the Treasury 
     shall finalize regulations to carry out this title.
       ``(b) Elements.--Regulations prescribed to carry out this 
     title shall include specific examples of the types of--

[[Page S6109]]

       ``(1) activities that will be considered to be covered 
     activities; and
       ``(2) the specific sectors and subsectors that may be 
     considered to be covered sectors.
       ``(c) Requirements for Certain Regulations.--The Secretary 
     of the Treasury shall prescribe regulations further defining 
     the terms used in this title, including `covered activity', 
     `covered foreign entity', and `party', in accordance with 
     subchapter II of chapter 5 and chapter 7 of title 5 (commonly 
     known as the `Administrative Procedure Act').
       ``(d) Public Participation in Rulemaking.--The provisions 
     of section 709 shall apply to any regulations issued under 
     this title.
       ``(e) Low-Burden Regulations.--In prescribing regulations 
     under this section, the Secretary of the Treasury shall 
     structure the regulations--
       ``(1) to minimize the cost and complexity of compliance for 
     affected parties;
       ``(2) to ensure the benefits of the regulations outweigh 
     their costs;
       ``(3) to adopt the least burdensome alternative that 
     achieves regulatory objectives;
       ``(4) to prioritize transparency and stakeholder 
     involvement in the process of prescribing the regulations; 
     and
       ``(5) to regularly review and streamline existing 
     regulations to reduce redundancy and complexity.

     ``SEC. 807. MULTILATERAL ENGAGEMENT AND COORDINATION.

       ``(a) In General.--The President shall delegate the 
     authorities and functions under this section to the Secretary 
     of State.
       ``(b) Authorities.--The Secretary of State, in coordination 
     with the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of 
     Commerce, the United States Trade Representative, and the 
     Director of National Intelligence, shall--
       ``(1) conduct bilateral and multilateral engagement with 
     the governments of countries that are allies and partners of 
     the United States to ensure coordination of protocols and 
     procedures with respect to covered activities with countries 
     of concern and covered foreign entities; and
       ``(2) upon adoption of protocols and procedures described 
     in paragraph (1), work with those governments to establish 
     mechanisms for sharing information, including trends, with 
     respect to such activities.
       ``(c) Strategy for Development of Outbound Investment 
     Screening Mechanisms.--The Secretary of State, in 
     coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury and in 
     consultation with the Attorney General, shall--
       ``(1) develop a strategy to work with countries that are 
     allies and partners of the United States to develop 
     mechanisms comparable to this title for the notification of 
     covered activities; and
       ``(2) provide technical assistance to those countries with 
     respect to the development of those mechanisms.
       ``(d) Report.--
       ``(1) In general.--Not later than 90 days after the 
     development of the strategy required by subsection (b), and 
     annually thereafter for a period of 5 years, the Secretary of 
     State shall submit to the appropriate congressional 
     committees a report that includes the strategy, the status of 
     implementing the strategy, and a description of any 
     impediments to the establishment of mechanisms comparable to 
     this title by allies and partners.
       ``(2) Appropriate congressional committees defined.--In 
     this subsection, the term `appropriate congressional 
     committees' means--
       ``(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on 
     Finance, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban 
     Affairs, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
     Transportation, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of 
     the Senate; and
       ``(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on 
     Ways and Means, the Committee on Financial Services, the 
     Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Permanent Select 
     Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives.

     ``SEC. 808. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.

       ``(a) In General.--There are authorized to be appropriated 
     such sums as may be necessary to carry out this title, 
     including to provide outreach to industry and persons 
     affected by this title.
       ``(b) Hiring Authority.--The head of any agency designated 
     as a lead agency under section 802(b) may appoint, without 
     regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3318 of 
     title 5, United States Code, not more than 25 candidates 
     directly to positions in the competitive service (as defined 
     in section 2102 of that title) in that agency. The primary 
     responsibility of individuals in positions authorized under 
     the preceding sentence shall be to administer this title.

     ``SEC. 809. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION WITH RESPECT TO FREE AND 
                   FAIR COMMERCE.

       ``Nothing in this title may be construed to restrain or 
     deter foreign investment in the United States, United States 
     investment abroad, or trade in goods or services, if such 
     investment and trade do not pose a risk to the national 
     security of the United States.''.
       (b) Sunset.--This section and the amendments made by this 
     section shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the 
     date of the enactment of this Act.

                          ____________________








[Page S6109]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              NATIONAL HISPANIC-SERVING INSTITUTIONS WEEK

                                 ______
                                 

                  RECOGNIZING HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH

  Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of 
S. Res. 815 and that the Senate proceed to the en bloc consideration of 
the following Senate resolutions: S. Res. 815, National Hispanic-
Serving Institutions Week, and S. Res. 823, Hispanic Heritage Month.
  There being no objection, the committee was discharged, and the 
Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc.
  Mr. MERKLEY. I ask unanimous consent that the resolutions be agreed 
to, the preambles be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be 
considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The resolution (S. Res. 815) was agreed to.
  The preamble was agreed to.
  (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the Record of 
September 12, 2024, under ``Submitted Resolutions.'')
  The resolution (S. Res. 823) was agreed to.
  The preamble was agreed to.
  (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today's Record 
under ``Submitted Resolutions.'')

                          ____________________








[Page S6109]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR

  Mr. CASSIDY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that William 
McCarthy, an intern in my office, be granted floor privileges for the 
remainder of today's session of the Senate.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Page S6109]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET

  Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, I have seven requests for committees to 
meet during today's session of the Senate. They have the approval of 
the Majority and Minority Leaders.
  Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the 
Senate, the following committees are authorized to meet during today's 
session of the Senate:


                      COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES

  The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the 
session of the Senate on Tuesday, September 17, 2024, at 9:30 a.m., to 
conduct a hearing on nominations.


                          COMMITTEE ON FINANCE

  The Committee on Finance is authorized to meet during the session of 
the Senate on Tuesday September 17, 2024, at 10 a.m., to conduct a 
hearing.


        COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS

  The Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs is 
authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, 
September 17, 2024, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing.


                       COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY

  The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the 
session of the Senate on Tuesday, September 17, 2024, at 10 a.m., to 
conduct a hearing.


                       COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY

  The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the 
session of the Senate on Tuesday, September 17, 2024, at 2 p.m., to 
conduct a hearing.


                    SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE

  The Select Committee on Intelligence is authorized to meet during the 
session of the Senate on Tuesday, September 17, 2024, at 2:30 p.m., to 
conduct a closed briefing.


     SUBCOMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND CONSUMER PROTECTION

  The Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Protection of 
the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to 
meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, September 17, 2024, 
at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hybrid hearing.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6109-S6110]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME--H.R. 5613

  Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk, 
and I ask for its first reading.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the 
first time.

[[Page S6110]]

  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (H.R. 5613) to require a review of whether 
     individuals or entities subject to the imposition of certain 
     sanctions through inclusion on certain sanctions lists should 
     also be subject to the imposition of other sanctions and 
     included on other sanctions lists.

  Mr. MERKLEY. I now ask for a second reading, and in order to place 
the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to 
my own request.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection having been heard, the bill will 
receive its second reading on the next legislative day.

                          ____________________








[Page S6110]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              CONFIRMATION

  Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate September 17, 2024:


                             THE JUDICIARY

       MARY KATHLEEN COSTELLO, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED 
     STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF 
     PENNSYLVANIA.








[Page S6110]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW

  Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come 
before the Senate, I ask that it stand adjourned under the previous 
order.
  There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:34 p.m., adjourned until 
Wednesday, September 18, 2024, at 10 a.m.

                          ____________________








[Page S6110]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 2024

  Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the 
Senate completes its business today, it stand adjourned until 10 a.m. 
on Wednesday, September 18; that following the prayer and pledge, the 
Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the morning hour be deemed 
expired, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later 
in the day, and morning business be closed; that following the 
conclusion of morning business, the Senate proceed to executive session 
to resume consideration of the Court nomination; further, that the 
cloture motion with respect to the Court nomination ripen at 11:45 
a.m.; finally, that if any nominations are confirmed during Wednesday's 
session, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the 
table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Page S6110]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   RESOLUTION CORRECTION--S. Res. 815

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. For the information of the Senate, S. Res. 815 
was discharged from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions, not the Committee on the Judiciary.

                          ____________________





