Congressional Record Volume 170, Issue 179



[Daily Digest]
[Pages D1096-D1097]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                                        Wednesday, December 4, 2024

[[Page D1096]]

                              Daily Digest

                                 Senate


Chamber Action
Routine Proceedings, pages S6791-S6824
Measures Introduced: Ten bills were introduced, as follows: S. 5419-
5428                                                     
  Pages S6820-21
Measures Reported:
  S. 1898, to amend the Northwestern New Mexico Rural Water Projects 
Act to make improvements to that Act, with an amendment in the nature 
of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 118-259)
  S. 4442, to amend the Crow Tribe Water Rights Settlement Act of 2010 
to make improvements to that Act, with an amendment in the nature of a 
substitute. (S. Rept. No. 118-260)
  S. 4505, to approve the settlement of water rights claims of Ohkay 
Owingeh in the Rio Chama Stream System, to restore the Bosque on Pueblo 
Land in the State of New Mexico. (S. Rept. No. 118-261)
  S. 4643, to approve the settlement of water rights claims of the Zuni 
Indian Tribe in the Zuni River Stream System in the State of New 
Mexico, to protect the Zuni Salt Lake. (S. Rept. No. 118-262)
  S. 4998, to approve the settlement of water rights claims of the 
Navajo Nation in the Rio San Jose Stream System in the State of New 
Mexico. (S. Rept. No. 118-263)                               
Page S6820
Measures Passed:
  Federal Disaster Tax Relief Act: Committee on Finance was discharged 
from further consideration of H.R. 5863, to provide tax relief with 
respect to certain Federal disasters, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                         Pages S6813-14
  GLRI Act: Senate passed S. 3738, to reauthorize the Great Lakes 
Restoration Initiative, after agreeing to the following amendment 
proposed thereto:                                            
  Page S6822
  Padilla (for Stabenow) Amendment No. 3310, in the nature of a 
substitute.                                                  
Page S6822
  Second Chance Reauthorization Act: Committee on the Judiciary was 
discharged from further consideration of S. 4477, to reauthorize the 
Second Chance Act of 2007, and the bill was then passed.     
  Page S6822
  Firefighter Cancer Registry Reauthorization Act: Committee on Health, 
Education, Labor, and Pensions was discharged from further 
consideration of H.R. 3821, to reauthorize the Firefighter Cancer 
Registry Act of 2018, and the bill was then passed.      
  Pages S6822-23
  ACCESS Rural America Act: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban 
Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 3242, to amend 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to revise the shareholder threshold 
for registration under that Act for issuers that receive support 
through certain Federal universal service support mechanisms, and the 
bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment 
proposed thereto:                                            
  Page S6823
  Padilla (for Baldwin/Ernst) Amendment No. 3311, in the nature of a 
substitute.                                                  
Page S6823
  VETT Act: Senate passed H.R. 1432, to amend the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 to provide for the deductibility of charitable contributions to 
certain organizations for members of the Armed Forces.       
  Page S6823
  National Hospice and Palliative Care Month: Committee on the 
Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 910, 
designating November 2024 as ``National Hospice and Palliative Care 
Month'', and the resolution was then agreed to.              
  Page S6823
  Connected MOM Act: Committee on Finance was discharged from further 
consideration of S. 712, to identify and address barriers to coverage 
of remote physiologic devices under State Medicaid programs to improve 
maternal and child health outcomes for pregnant and postpartum women, 
and the bill was then passed.                            
  Pages S6823-24
Davenport Nomination--Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the 
nomination of Sarah Morgan Davenport, of New Mexico, to be United 
States District Judge for the District of New Mexico.        
  Page S6812
  During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the 
following action:

[[Page D1097]]


  By 50 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. EX. 313), Senate agreed to the motion 
to close further debate on the nomination.                   
Page S6812
  A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that 
notwithstanding Rule XXII, the vote on confirmation of the nomination 
occur at a time to be determined by the Majority Leader, in 
consultation with the Republican Leader, on Thursday, December 5, 2024; 
that during the session of the Senate of Thursday, December 5, 2024, at 
a time to be determined by the Majority Leader, in consultation with 
the Republican Leader, Senate vote on the motions to invoke cloture on 
the nominations of Tiffany Rene Johnson, of Georgia, to be United 
States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, and Keli 
Marie Neary, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for 
the Middle District of Pennsylvania, in the order in which cloture was 
filed; that if cloture is invoked on any of the above nominations, all 
post-cloture time be considered expired, and Senate vote on 
confirmation of the nominations at a time to be determined by the 
Majority Leader, in consultation with the Republican Leader, no earlier 
than Monday, December 9, 2024.                               
Page S6824
  A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that at 
approximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, December 5, 2024, Senate resume 
consideration of the nomination of Tiffany Rene Johnson, of Georgia, to 
be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia; 
that at 11:30 a.m., Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination of 
Sarah Morgan Davenport, of New Mexico, to be United States District 
Judge for the District of New Mexico, as under the order of Wednesday, 
December 4, 2024, and that upon disposition of the nomination of Sarah 
Morgan Davenport, Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the 
nomination of Tiffany Rene Johnson; that following the cloture vote on 
Tiffany Rene Johnson, Senate resume consideration of the nomination of 
Keli Marie Neary, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge 
for the Middle District of Pennsylvania; and that at 1:45 p.m., Senate 
vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Keli Marie 
Neary.                                                       
Page S6824
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the following nominations:
  By 50 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. EX. 310), Anthony J. Brindisi, of New 
York, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of 
New York.                                             
Pages S6791-S6805
  During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the 
following action:
  By 50 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. EX. 309), Senate agreed to the motion 
to close further debate on the nomination.            
Pages S6791-S6805
  By 52 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. EX. 312), Elizabeth C. Coombe, of New 
York, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of 
New York.                                   
Pages S6791-S6805, S6805-12
  During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the 
following action:
  By 52 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. EX. 311), Senate agreed to the motion 
to close further debate on the nomination.            
Pages S6791-S6805
Messages from the House:                                 
  Pages S6817-18
Measures Referred:                                           
  Page S6818
Measures Placed on the Calendar:                             
  Page S6818
Executive Communications:                                
  Pages S6818-20
Additional Cosponsors:                                       
  Page S6821
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions:
Additional Statements:                                   
  Pages S6816-17
Amendments Submitted:                                    
  Pages S6821-22
Authorities for Committees to Meet:                          
  Page S6822
Privileges of the Floor:                                     
  Page S6822
Record Votes: Five record votes were taken today. (Total--313) 
                                              Pages S6798, S6805, S6812
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 8:08 p.m., 
until 10 a.m. on Thursday, December 5, 2024. (For Senate's program, see 
the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today's Record on page 
S6824.)








[Daily Digest]
[Page D1097]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

Committee Meetings
(Committees not listed did not meet)
AIRLINE FEES
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Permanent 
Subcommittee on Investigations concluded a hearing to examine new 
revelations about airline fees, after receiving testimony from Stephen 
Johnson, American Airlines, Fort Worth, Texas; Peter Carter, Delta Air 
Lines, Atlanta, Georgia; Andrew Nocella, United Airlines, Inc., 
Chicago, Illinois; Robert Schroeter, Frontier Airlines, Inc., Denver, 
Colorado; and Matthew H. Klein, Spirit Airlines, Inc., Dania Beach, 
Florida.








[Daily Digest]
[Pages D1098-D1100]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




[[Page D1098]]




                        House of Representatives


Chamber Action
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 18 public bills, H.R. 10281-
10298; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 1606-1607, were introduced. 
                                                         Pages H6361-62
Additional Cosponsors:                                       
  Page H6363
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows:
  H.R. 7440, to promote innovation in financial services, and for other 
purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 118-792);
  H.R. 3556, to amend the Federal financial laws to increase financial 
regulatory accountability and transparency, and for other purposes, 
with an amendment (H. Rept. 118-793, Part 1);
  H.R. 6862, to amend the FAST Act to include certain mineral 
production activities as a covered project, and for other purposes, 
with an amendment (H. Rept. 118-794);
  H.R. 8692, to require that the Amtrak Board of Directors comply with 
the open meetings requirements of section 552b of title 5, United 
States Code, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 118-
795);
  H.R. 2672, to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and 
Emergency Assistance Act to provide for the authority to reimburse 
local governments or electric cooperatives for interest expenses, and 
for other purposes (H. Rept. 118-796); and
  H.R. 5623, to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and 
Emergency Assistance Act to authorize the President to provide 
substance use and alcohol use disorder services, and for other 
purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 118-797).              
Page H6361
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed 
Representative LaTurner to act as Speaker pro tempore for today. 
                                                             Page H6297
Recess: The House recessed at 11:06 a.m. and reconvened at 12 p.m. 
                                                             Page H6304
Recess: The House recessed at 4:08 p.m. and reconvened at 4:30 p.m. 
                                                             Page H6342
Crucial Communism Teaching Act and Prove It Act of 2024--Rule for 
consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 1602, providing for 
consideration of the bill (H.R. 5349) to develop and disseminate a 
civic education curriculum and oral history resources regarding certain 
political ideologies, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 
7198) to amend title 5, United States Code, to require greater 
transparency for Federal regulatory decisions that impact small 
businesses, by a recorded vote of 207 ayes to 199 noes, Roll No. 483, 
after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 206 
yeas to 200 nays, Roll No. 482.                
  Pages H6306-12, H6344-45
Suspensions--Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures. Consideration began Tuesday, December 
3rd.
  Maurice D. Hinchey Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area 
Enhancement Act: H.R. 390, amended, to amend the Hudson River Valley 
National Heritage Area Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-333; 54 U.S.C. 
320101 note) to include all of Saratoga and Washington Counties in the 
boundaries of the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area, by a \2/
3\ yea-and-nay vote of 378 yeas to 16 nays, Roll No. 480: and 
                                                             Page H6343
  Lahaina National Heritage Area Study Act: H.R. 8219, amended, to 
require the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to assess the 
suitability and feasibility of designating certain land as the Lahaina 
National Heritage Area, by a \2/3\ yea-and-nay vote of 378 yeas to 25 
nays, Roll No. 481.                                      
  Pages H6343-44
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the 
following measures:
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 300 Macedonia Lane in Knoxville, Tennessee, as the ``Reverend Harold 
Middlebrook Post Office Building'': H.R. 9360, to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 300 Macedonia 
Lane in Knoxville, Tennessee, as the ``Reverend Harold Middlebrook Post 
Office Building'';                                       
  Pages H6312-13
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 20 West White Street in Millstadt, Illinois, as the ``Corporal 
Matthew A. Wyatt Post Office'': H.R. 8976, to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 20 West White Street in 
Millstadt, Illinois, as the ``Corporal Matthew A. Wyatt Post Office''; 
                                                             Page H6315
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 114 Center Street East in Roseau, Minnesota, as the ``Floyd B. Olson 
Post Office'': H.R. 8841, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 114 Center Street East in Roseau, 
Minnesota, as the ``Floyd B. Olson Post Office'';        
  Pages H6315-16
  Strengthening Agency Management and Oversight of Software Assets Act: 
H.R. 1695, amended,

[[Page D1099]]

to improve the visibility, accountability, and oversight of agency 
software asset management practices;                     
  Pages H6316-19
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 20 West Main Street in Santaquin, Utah, as the ``SGT Bill Hooser 
Post Office Building'': H.R. 8717, to designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 20 West Main Street in 
Santaquin, Utah, as the ``SGT Bill Hooser Post Office Building''; 
                                                             Page H6324
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 151 Highway 74 South in Peachtree City, Georgia, as the ``SFC Shawn 
McCloskey Post Office'': H.R. 8919, to designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 151 Highway 74 South in 
Peachtree City, Georgia, as the ``SFC Shawn McCloskey Post Office''; 
                                                         Pages H6324-25
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 14280 South Military Trail in Delray Beach, Florida, as the 
``Benjamin Berell Ferencz Post Office Building'': H.R. 6116, to 
designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
14280 South Military Trail in Delray Beach, Florida, as the ``Benjamin 
Berell Ferencz Post Office Building'';                   
  Pages H6327-28
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 201 East Battles Road in Santa Maria, California, as the ``Larry 
Lavagnino Post Office Building'': H.R. 7158, to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 201 East Battles Road in 
Santa Maria, California, as the ``Larry Lavagnino Post Office 
Building'';                                                  
  Page H6328
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 1285 Emancipation Highway in Fredericksburg, Virginia, as the 
``Gladys P. Todd Post Office'': H.R. 7508, to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1285 Emancipation Highway 
in Fredericksburg, Virginia, as the ``Gladys P. Todd Post Office''; 
                                                         Pages H6328-29
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 609 Portsmouth Avenue in Greenland, New Hampshire, as the ``Chief 
Michael Maloney Post Office Building'': H.R. 8868, to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 609 Portsmouth 
Avenue in Greenland, New Hampshire, as the ``Chief Michael Maloney Post 
Office Building'';                                       
  Pages H6329-30
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 802 North Tancahua Street in Corpus Christi, Texas, as the ``Captain 
Robert E. `Bob' Batterson Post Office'': H.R. 10065, to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 802 North 
Tancahua Street in Corpus Christi, Texas, as the ``Captain Robert E. 
`Bob' Batterson Post Office'';                           
  Pages H6330-31
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 82-6110 Mamalahoa Highway in Captain Cook, Hawaii, as the ``Army 1st 
Lt. John Kuulei Kauhaihao Post Office Building'': H.R. 8909, to 
designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
82-6110 Mamalahoa Highway in Captain Cook, Hawaii, as the ``Army 1st 
Lt. John Kuulei Kauhaihao Post Office Building'';            
  Page H6331
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 3913 Leland Avenue Northwest in Comstock Park, Michigan, as the 
``Captain Miguel Justin Nava Post Office'': H.R. 9285, to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3913 Leland 
Avenue Northwest in Comstock Park, Michigan, as the ``Captain Miguel 
Justin Nava Post Office'';                               
  Pages H6331-32
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 675 Wolf Ledges Parkway in Akron, Ohio, as the ``Judge James R. 
Williams Post Office Building'': H.R. 9322, to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 675 Wolf Ledges Parkway 
in Akron, Ohio, as the ``Judge James R. Williams Post Office 
Building'';                                              
  Pages H6332-33
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 108 North Main Street in Bucoda, Washington, as the ``Mayor Rob 
Gordon Post Office'': H.R. 9421, to designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 108 North Main Street in 
Bucoda, Washington, as the ``Mayor Rob Gordon Post Office''; 
                                                             Page H6333
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 125 South 1st Avenue in Hillsboro, Oregon, as the ``Elizabeth Furse 
Post Office Building'': H.R. 9549, to designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 125 South 1st Avenue in 
Hillsboro, Oregon, as the ``Elizabeth Furse Post Office Building''; 
                                                             Page H6334
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 2777 Brentwood Road in Raleigh, North Carolina, as the ``Millie Dunn 
Veasey Post Office'': H.R. 9580, to designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 2777 Brentwood Road in Raleigh, 
North Carolina, as the ``Millie Dunn Veasey Post Office''; 
                                                         Pages H6334-35

[[Page D1100]]

  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 401 Main Street in Brawley, California, as the ``Walter Francis 
Ulloa Memorial Post Office Building'': H.R. 8641, to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 Main Street 
in Brawley, California, as the ``Walter Francis Ulloa Memorial Post 
Office Building'';                                           
  Page H6335
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 340 South Loudon Avenue in Baltimore, Maryland, as the ``United 
States Representative Elijah E. Cummings Post Office Building'': H.R. 
9544, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service 
located at 340 South Loudon Avenue in Baltimore, Maryland, as the 
``United States Representative Elijah E. Cummings Post Office 
Building'';                                              
  Pages H6336-38
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 119 North Anderson Street in Elwood, Indiana, as the ``Officer Noah 
Jacob Shahnavaz Post Office Building'': H.R. 9775, to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 119 North 
Anderson Street in Elwood, Indiana, as the ``Officer Noah Jacob 
Shahnavaz Post Office Building'';                        
  Pages H6338-39
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 203 East 6th Street in Lexington, Nebraska, as the ``Bill Barrett 
Post Office Building'': H.R. 7507, amended, to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 203 East 6th Street in 
Lexington, Nebraska, as the ``Bill Barrett Post Office Building''; 
                                                         Pages H6339-40
  Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ``To designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 203 East 6th Street in 
Lexington, Nebraska, as the 'William E. and Elise L. Barrett Post 
Office Building'';                                           
Page H6340
  Source code Harmonization And Reuse in Information Technology Act: 
H.R. 9566, amended, to require governmentwide source code sharing; 
                                                         Pages H6340-42
  Shirley Chisholm Congressional Gold Medal Act: S. 4243, to award 
posthumously the Congressional Gold Medal to Shirley Chisholm; 
                                                         Pages H6345-49
  Forgotten Heroes of the Holocaust Congressional Gold Medal Act: S. 
91, to award a Congressional Gold Medal to 60 diplomats, in recognition 
of their bravery and heroism during the Holocaust;       
  Pages H6349-50
  Roberto Clemente Commemorative Coin Act: H.R. 6751, to require the 
Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of 
the life and legacy of Roberto Clemente; and             
  Pages H6350-53
  Disabled Veterans Housing Support Act: H.R. 7480, amended, to amend 
section 102(a)(20) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 
to require the exclusion of service-connected disability compensation 
when determining whether a person is a person of low and moderate 
income, a person of low income, or a person of moderate income. 
                                                         Pages H6353-55
Suspensions--Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following 
measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were 
postponed.
  Federal Agency Performance Act: S. 709, amended, to improve 
performance and accountability in the Federal Government; 
                                                         Pages H6313-15
  Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2024: 
H.R. 9598, amended, to amend the Office of National Drug Control Policy 
Reauthorization Act to reauthorize such Office; and      
  Pages H6319-24
  Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located 
at 119 Main Street in Plains, Georgia, as the ``Jimmy and Rosalynn 
Carter Post Office'': H.R. 9600, to designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 119 Main Street in Plains, 
Georgia, as the ``Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter Post Office''. 
                                                         Pages H6325-27
Senate Referrals: S. 1956 was held at the desk. S. 2514 was held at the 
desk. S. 3277 was held at the desk. S. 4107 was held at the desk. S. 
4243 was held at the desk. S. 4569 was held at the desk. S. 5355 was 
held at the desk.                                            
  Page H6312
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and 
subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H6312.
Quorum Calls--Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote 
developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6343, 
H6343-44, H6344-45, and H6345.
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 7:24 p.m.








[Daily Digest]
[Pages D1100-D1101]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

Committee Meetings
BACK TO BASICS: AMERICA'S FOUNDING, CIVICS, AND SELF-GOVERNMENT IN K-12 
CURRICULA
Committee on Education and Workforce: Subcommittee on Early Childhood, 
Elementary, and Secondary Education held a hearing entitled ``Back to 
Basics: America's Founding, Civics, and Self-Government in

[[Page D1101]]

K-12 Curricula''. Testimony was heard from public witnesses.
INNOVATION REVOLUTION: HOW TECHNOLOGY IS SHAPING THE FUTURE OF FINANCE
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled 
``Innovation Revolution: How Technology is Shaping the Future of 
Finance''. Testimony was heard from public witnesses.
OVERSIGHT OF U.S. CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immigration Integrity, 
Security, and Enforcement held a hearing entitled ``Oversight of U.S. 
Citizenship and Immigration Services''. Testimony was heard from Ur 
Jaddou, Director, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department 
of Homeland Security.
BUSINESS MEETING
Committee on Oversight and Accountability: Select Subcommittee on the 
Coronavirus Pandemic held a business meeting on the report entitled 
``After Action Review of the COVID-19 Pandemic: The Lessons Learned and 
a Path Forward''. The report entitled ``After Action Review of the 
COVID-19 Pandemic: The Lessons Learned and a Path Forward'' was 
adopted, as amended.
EXPOSING THE TRUTH ON LNG: HOW THE ADMINISTRATION PLAYED POLITICS WITH 
AMERICA'S ENERGY FUTURE
Committee on Oversight and Accountability: Subcommittee on Economic 
Growth, Energy Policy, and Regulatory Affairs held a hearing entitled 
``Exposing the Truth on LNG: How the Administration Played Politics 
with America's Energy Future''. Testimony was heard from Brad Crabtree, 
Assistant Secretary, Office of Fossil Energy and Carbon Management, 
Department of Energy.

Joint Meetings
  No joint committee meetings were held.








[Daily Digest]
[Page D1101]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





                    COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY,

                            DECEMBER 5, 2024

        (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated)


                                 Senate

  Committee on Environment and Public Works: Subcommittee on 
Chemical Safety, Waste Management, Environmental Justice, and 
Regulatory Oversight, to hold hearings to examine the public health 
impacts of PFAS exposures, 9:30 a.m., SD-406.
  Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the nomination 
of David Samuel Johnson, of Virginia, to be Inspector General for 
Tax Administration, Department of the Treasury, 10 a.m., SD-215.
  Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to examine 
implementation of the Global Magnitsky Laws, 10:30 a.m., SD-419.
  Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold 
hearings to examine what the FDA is doing to reduce the diabetes and 
obesity epidemics in America, focusing on the food and beverage 
industry, 10 a.m., SD-562.
  Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold 
an oversight hearing to examine the United States Postal Service, 
focusing on understanding proposed service changes, 10 a.m., SD-342.


                                 House

  Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity and 
Infrastructure Protection, hearing entitled ``Design vs. Default: 
Analyzing Shifts in Cybersecurity'', 10 a.m., 310 Cannon.
  Committee on Oversight and Accountability, Full Committee hearing, 
hearing entitled ``Oversight of the U.S. Census Bureau'', 10 a.m., 
HVC-210.
  Committee on Veterans' Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled 
``Fact and Fiction: Getting to the Bottom of the VA Budget 
Shortfall'', 10:15 a.m., 360 Cannon.
  Select Committee on the Strategic Competition Between the United 
States and the Chinese Communist Party, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ``Rebuilding the Arsenal of Democracy: The Imperative to 
Strengthen America's Defense Industrial Base and Workforce'', 9:30 
a.m., 2176 Rayburn.
  Task Force on the Attempted Assassination of Donald J. Trump Full 
Committee, hearing entitled ``Secret Service Security Failures and 
the Attempts to Assassinate President-Elect Donald J. Trump'', 9:30 
a.m., 2141 Rayburn.
  Full Committee, business meeting on final recommendations and 
report, 11:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn.


                             Joint Meeting

  Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings 
to examine the role of Belarus in Russia's crimes, 2:30 p.m., 2118-
RHOB.








[Daily Digest]
[Pages D1101-D1102]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


 The CONGRESSIONAL RECORD (USPS 087-390).

 The Periodicals postage is paid at Washington, D.C.
  The public proceedings of each House of Congress, as reported
  by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to
  directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by
  appropriate provisions of Title 44, United States Code,
  and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session,
  excepting very infrequent instances when two or more unusually
  small consecutive issues are printed one time.
 Public access to the Congressional Record is available online
  through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov,
  free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day
  the Congressional Record is published. For more information,
  contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
  Phone 202-512-1800, or 866-512-1800 (toll-free). E-Mail,
  contactcenter@gpo.gov.
 To place an order for any of these products, visit
  the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail
  orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis,
  MO 63197-9000, or phone orders to 866-512-1800 (toll-free),
  202-512-1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202-512-2104. Remit check or
  money order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use
  VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. 
 Following each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record
  is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the
  Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets.
 With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no
  restrictions on the republication of material from the
  Congressional Record.


  POSTMASTER:

  Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents,
  Congressional Record,
  U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402,
  along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.







[[Page D1102]]

_______________________________________________________________________


                       Next Meeting of the SENATE
                     10 a.m., Thursday, December 5

                               
                             Senate Chamber
Program for Thursday: Senate will resume consideration of the 
nomination of Tiffany Rene Johnson, of Georgia, to be United States 
District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia. At 11:30 a.m., 
Senate will vote on confirmation of the nomination of Sarah Morgan 
Davenport, of New Mexico, to be United States District Judge for the 
District of New Mexico, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the 
nomination of Tiffany Rene Johnson. Following which, the Senate will 
resume consideration of the nomination of Keli Marie Neary, of 
Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Middle 
District of Pennsylvania, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture 
thereon at 1:45 p.m.

              Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
                     10 a.m., Thursday, December 5

                               
                             House Chamber
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 5349--Crucial Communism 
Teaching Act. Consideration of H.R. 7198--Prove It Act of 2024.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
_______________________________________________________________________


            Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue
              HOUSE
  
Beyer, Donald S., Va., E1219
Castro, Joaquin, Tex., E1217, E1222
Fallon, Pat, Tex., E1215, E1216, E1217, E1218, E1218, E1219, E1220, 
E1221, E1222, E1223
Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1218, E1223
Gomez, Jimmy, Calif., E1223
Granger, Kay, Tex., E1216
Harris, Andy, Md., E1215
Larsen, Rick, Wash., E1222
Luttrell, Morgan, Tex., E1220
Phillips, Dean, Minn., E1217, E1220
Porter, Katie, Calif., E1223
Pressley, Ayanna, Mass., E1220
Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E1215
Stauber, Pete, Minn., E1221
Sykes, Emilia Strong, Ohio, E1215, E1215, E1217, E1218, E1219, E1219, 
E1220, E1221, E1222, E1223
Torres, Norma J., Calif., E1216, E1219








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1215]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          PERSONAL EXPLANATION

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. ANDY HARRIS

                              of maryland

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA 
on Roll Call No. 479.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1215]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                HONORING KIDS IN DANGER AND NANCY COWLES

                                 ______
                                 

                       HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY

                              of illinois

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Kids In Danger and 
its longtime Executive Director and my friend, Nancy Cowles. 
Headquartered in my home state of Illinois, Kids In Danger is a 
nonprofit organization dedicated to protecting children by fighting for 
product safety. After over 25 years of protecting children, Kids In 
Danger will be closing its doors by the end of the year.
  Founded in 1998 by the parents of sixteen-month-old Danny Keysar who 
died when a poorly designed and recalled portable crib collapsed around 
his neck in his childcare home, Kids In Danger's mission is to save 
lives by enhancing transparency and accountability through safer 
product development, better education and stronger advocacy for 
children.
  Nancy Cowles has been Kids In Danger's executive director since 2001 
and has passionately advocated for stronger safety standards for 
children's products to protect all our children, and educated parents, 
caregivers, and health professionals about recalled and dangerous 
children's products.
  Nancy and Kids In Danger's hard-fought victories for children include 
the landmark 2008 Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act, including 
Danny's Law requiring strong standards for cribs and other nursery 
products.
  Nancy oversaw the development of the KID Design Safety Toolkit, a 
free online course for children's product developers to educate them 
about design safety in the product development process to prevent 
injuries.
  For over two decades, Nancy has been a leader and mentor for parent 
advocates who lost their children due to hazardous products and 
assisted them in their advocacy for stronger safety measures at both 
the national and local levels, including safe infant sleep and 
preventing furniture tip-overs and button cell and coin cell battery 
ingestion.
  I thank Kids In Danger and Nancy Cowles for their work to protect all 
our children and grandchildren from hazardous products.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1215]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




          CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR LENARD SMITH

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. PAT FALLON

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. FALLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sergeant First 
Class Lenard Smith of Rockwall, Texas, and award him a Congressional 
Veteran Commendation. It is with deep respect and gratitude that we 
recognize the extraordinary service and dedication of Sergeant First 
Class Smith, United States Army and United States Air Force (Ret.), for 
his 22 years of selfless service to our Nation, his unwavering 
commitment to duty, and his continued contributions to his community.
  SGT 1st Class Smith served with distinction in both the United States 
Army and the United States Air Force, making significant contributions 
to our Nation's defense during a period of great challenge and 
transformation. His service in Vietnam exemplifies the courage, 
resilience, and patriotism that have defined his entire career. His 
sacrifice and dedication to his country have earned him the respect and 
admiration of all who served alongside him.
  Throughout his military career, SGT 1st Class Smith demonstrated 
exceptional leadership, discipline, and a steadfast commitment to 
excellence. Known for his humility, he never sought the spotlight and 
has consistently put the welfare of others above his own. His 
willingness to lead by example and to shoulder the toughest tasks 
earned him the trust and admiration of his peers and subordinates 
alike.
  After retiring from military service, SGT 1st Class Smith did not 
retire from service to others. He has remained a beacon of strength and 
leadership within his local community, where he is active in his church 
and has founded a men's fellowship group to help foster unity, 
mentorship, and personal growth. His example of faith, service, and 
leadership continues to inspire those around him. Additionally, his 
work supporting children with autism, providing both time and resources 
to help improve their lives, reflects his deep compassion and 
commitment to making the world a better place for all.
  A man of deep conviction, SGT 1st Class Smith has often stated that 
if called upon, he would serve again without hesitation. His love for 
America, his community, and his fellow citizens is evident in every 
aspect of his life, both during his military service and in his post-
service activities.
  In recognition of his exemplary service to our Nation, his humility, 
and his ongoing commitment to bettering his community, we are proud to 
commend Sergeant First Class Smith for his outstanding 22 years of 
service to the United States of America. His legacy of courage, 
integrity, and dedication will continue to inspire future generations 
of soldiers, airmen, and citizens alike.
  I am honored to represent Sergeant First Class Smith in Texas' 4th 
Congressional District. It is a privilege to award him the 
Congressional Veteran Commendation for his service to our Nation and to 
the people of North Texas.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1215]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





                RECOGNIZING BOARDMEMBER MICHELLE NEWMAN

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. EMILIA STRONG SYKES

                                of ohio

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mrs. SYKES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to 
Boardmember Michelle Newman for her service on the Ohio State Board of 
Education, and my sincere gratitude for all that she has done for the 
people of Ohio's 13th Congressional District, the ``Birthplace of 
Champions.'' I have appreciated her partnership as we worked together 
to expand opportunity and deliver results for our shared constituents.
  Her drive to lead is commendable, and I have no doubt that she has 
bettered countless lives as a result of her steadfast service. 
Throughout her time in office, she proved to be a true public servant 
and leader. She has led by example through her perseverance, 
compassion, and dedication to her role in the community.
  As she goes on to continue serving our community in new ways, I wish 
her all the best in her future endeavors. On behalf of Ohio's 13th 
Congressional District, I thank her for her commitment to the people of 
Northeast Ohio and our entire state.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1215-E1216]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




           RECOGNIZING STARK COUNTY PROBATE JUDGE DIXIE PARK

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. EMILIA STRONG SYKES

                                of ohio

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mrs. SYKES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to 
Judge Dixie Park for her service as a Stalk County Probate Judge, and 
my sincere gratitude for all that she has done for the people of Ohio's 
13th Congressional District, the ``Birthplace of Champions.'' I have 
appreciated her partnership as we worked together to expand opportunity 
and deliver results for our shared constituents.
  Her drive to lead is commendable, and I have no doubt that she has 
bettered countless lives as a result of her steadfast service. 
Throughout her 21 years in the position, she has proven to be a true 
public servant and leader. Since taking the bench, she has been a 
champion for seniors and the disabled, and led by example through her 
perseverance, compassion, and dedication in her role in the community 
and those she served.
  As the first woman to serve as a Stark County Probate Judge, she has 
undoubtedly inspired the coming generation of young women to stand 
strong for what they believe in and strive for positions of leadership.

[[Page E1216]]

  For her outstanding devotion, she has earned the respect and esteem 
of many, and in the wake of her departure, I know her numerous 
contributions will not be forgotten. I am confident that her fine 
character and decisive leadership will be solely missed.
  As she goes on to continue serving our community in new ways, I wish 
her all the best in her future endeavors. Again, on behalf of Ohio's 
13th Congressional District, I would like to thank Judge Dixie Park for 
her commitment to the people of Stark County and to Northeast Ohio.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1216]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




             RECOGNIZING FORMER CHINO MAYOR DENNIS R. YATES

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. NORMA J. TORRES

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mrs. TORRES of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 
life of Mayor Dennis R. Yates and his 24 years of public service and 
commitment to the City of Chino. He was also an honorable Vietnam War 
veteran, serving in the Air Force from 1966 to 1970 and receiving the 
Air Force Commendation Medal for his valiant service.
  Dennis Yates was elected to the Chino City Council in 1992. 
Throughout his distinguished career, Mayor Yates was instrumental in 
shaping Chino's growth and development. His leadership saw the 
establishment of the Chaffey College Community Campus and Information 
Technology Center, the renovation of Downtown Chino, the construction 
of low-cost senior housing, and the construction of the Carolyn Owens 
Community Center.
  Additionally, Mayor Yates was dedicated to advocating for youth 
programs. He was integral in the creation of the Chino Youth Museum, a 
lasting tribute to his belief in fostering educational opportunities 
for children. He also spent decades as a volunteer and mentor with 
Chino Pop Warner football, where the Yates Field at Ayala Park stands 
in his honor, named after him in recognition of his 28 years of service 
to the program. Mayor Yates' unwavering dedication to his community was 
honored with Chino's highest accolade, the prestigious Spirit of 
Achievement Award in 2019.
  Sadly, our community is now in mourning. This September, Mayor Yates 
passed away at the age of 79. I offer my deepest condolences to his 
family.
  For his outstanding accomplishments, it is my honor to recognize 
Mayor Dennis R. Yates. His years of civic service and commitment to the 
city and the people of Chino are worthy of the highest commendation. He 
will be missed.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1216]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




          CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR RONALD WEAVER

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. PAT FALLON

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. FALLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Airman First Class 
Ronald Weaver of Plano, Texas, and award him a Congressional Veteran 
Commendation. It is with great pride and admiration that we honor 
Airman First Class Ron Weaver, a distinguished veteran of the United 
States Air Force, who served with honor and distinction from 1950 to 
1954. During his service, Airman Weaver demonstrated exceptional 
dedication, technical expertise, and a deep sense of duty--qualities 
that he has continued to embody throughout his life.
  Stationed in Japan and deployed to Korea, Airman Weaver's primary 
responsibility was the maintenance and repair of aircraft electronics 
systems, a critical role that ensured the success of missions in some 
of the most challenging and dangerous regions of the world. His 
technical skills, commitment to excellence, and unwavering dedication 
to his country earned him numerous honors, including the United Nations 
Service Medal and the Korean Service Medal--recognitions of his 
outstanding contributions during the Korean War.
  Airman Weaver's sense of duty extended beyond his military service, 
as he has continued to serve his community in remarkable ways. Upon 
returning to civilian life, he became a dedicated advocate for the 
Hispanic community in Plano, Texas, where he has worked tirelessly to 
improve the lives of those around him.
  Additionally, Airman Weaver's commitment to service has extended to 
volunteering at Julia's Center for Healthcare, where he has dedicated 
countless hours to assisting in a variety of capacities. Whether 
providing guidance to patients or supporting healthcare workers, his 
selflessness and compassion have made a lasting impact on all those who 
have had the privilege of working with him.
  Perhaps one of his most profound contributions has been his 
mentorship of high school and college students, where he has shared his 
experiences, wisdom, and insights, helping young people navigate their 
educational and professional journeys. His guidance has empowered 
countless individuals to pursue careers with purpose and integrity, 
just as he did during his time in the Air Force.
  Airman Weaver's life has been a testament to the values of service, 
dedication, and leadership. He embodies the highest ideals of the 
United States Air Force and continues to make a significant impact on 
the lives of others through his volunteer work and community 
engagement.
  We salute Airman First Class Ron Weaver for his service to his 
country, his community, and the countless individuals whose lives he 
has touched. His legacy of service, mentorship, and compassion will 
continue to inspire future generations.
  I am honored to represent Airman Weaver in Texas' 4th Congressional 
District. It is a privilege to award him the Congressional Veteran 
Commendation for his service to our Nation and to the people of North 
Texas.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1216-E1217]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        HONORING JOHNNIE KABERLE

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. KAY GRANGER

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I use today to recognize an invaluable 
staff member of the House Committee on Appropriations, Johnnie Kaberle, 
whose 30 years of tireless work for the federal government--and more 
specifically the United States House of Representatives--exemplifies 
the devotion and commitment of a distinguished public servant.
  Johnnie's government career began in 1994 when she joined the office 
of former Congressman Nick Smith, serving as Legislative Assistant. 
Johnnie served in this same capacity for Representatives Dick Chrysler 
and Lamar Smith until August of 1999, when she joined my team as 
Legislative Director.
  In 2003, at the start of the 108th Congress, Johnnie assumed the 
position of Senior Policy Advisor for Majority Whip Roy Blunt. In this 
role, Johnnie's ability to negotiate, build coalitions, and remain calm 
in crisis made her stand out amongst the crowd. She aided the Whip team 
in identifying roadblocks and negotiating directly with Members of 
Congress and other stakeholders to ensure the passage of pivotal 
legislation on the House floor. In addition to conducting comprehensive 
research and legislative analysis, Johnnie drafted speeches and talking 
points for Whip Blunt on key policy positions. Having mastered these 
responsibilities, Johnnie directly assisted in advancing the Republican 
Leadership's agenda and contributed to the development of the party's 
long-term strategic policy goals.
  When the House Majority switched hands in 2007, Johnnie continued to 
serve as the Senior Policy Advisor for then-Minority Whip Blunt. This 
role was a pivotal part of Johnnie's development into the politically 
savvy leader she is today, but just as importantly, she made lifelong 
friendships with a cadre of Members and staff who would lead the House 
Republican Conference in the coming decades.
  After six years with Congressman Roy Blunt, Johnnie returned to work 
for me at the beginning of the 11th Congress. Serving as my Senior 
Policy Advisor, Johnnie acted as the point of contact for all 
appropriations issues as well as defense, homeland security, and 
transportation authorizing policy. Johnnie's work ethic and expertise 
earned her the promotion to Policy Director.
  While I served as the Chairwoman of the State and Foreign Operations 
and Defense Appropriations subcommittees, Johnnie provided me with 
direct support by serving as a conduit between my team, committee 
staff, federal agency leadership, and heads of state. Johnnie worked to 
align my agenda with the broader leadership goals and closely 
coordinated with the appropriations subcommittees in drafting and 
negotiating legislative proposals. She handled each issue--from 
meetings with the King of Jordan and the President of Egypt, to 
advocating for critical resources for Naval Air Station Joint Reserve 
Base Fort Worth--with her patented expertise and enthusiasm.
  Having displayed her broad skillset throughout her years of dedicated 
service, Johnnie transitioned into the role of Deputy Chief of Staff in 
January 2015. In this position, Johnnie managed 17 direct reports to 
drive my legislative agenda and effectively represent the 12th district 
of Texas. This included setting policy priorities, conducting policy 
research, and managing constituent engagement. Equally important, 
during her tenure in my personal office, Johnnie took seriously the 
professional development of the young staffers and defense fellows that 
were part of Team Granger.

[[Page E1217]]

Many of these young professionals have gone on to capably lead their 
own teams or military units. Johnnie truly left a lasting impression on 
each of them.
  When I was named the Ranking Member of the House Committee on 
Appropriations to begin the 116th Congress, I could think of no one I 
wanted more as my Deputy Staff Director than Johnnie. Given her wealth 
of knowledge and leadership abilities, Johnnie effortlessly managed a 
team of 30 direct reports to liaise with Members of Congress, Executive 
Branch agencies, and external stakeholders to develop appropriations 
legislation that reflected House Republican priorities. She served as 
one of two principal Republican Appropriations staffers in negotiating 
six omnibus and consolidated appropriations acts--balancing various 
political interests and addressing priorities to ensure continued 
government funding. As the new Republican leader of Appropriations, 
responsiveness to Member requests and questions was critical for me. In 
response, Johnnie launched a first-of-kind ``concierge Member 
services'' program and centralized operational support for 
congressional offices. Further, she created an ``Appropriations 101'' 
class to educate Members and their staff on the nuances of the 
appropriations process. She also coordinated with congressional 
leaders, committee chairs, and administration officials to reach 
agreements on funding and policy provisions. Johnnie aided the Staff 
Director in advocating for my priorities and those of Leadership in 
annual spending bills and supplementals. When the Defense Clerk role 
was vacated, I asked Johnnie to wear two hats, one as the Deputy Staff 
Director and the other as the Minority Clerk of the Defense 
Subcommittee, where she successfully fought for Republican priorities 
in Fiscal Year 2020 through Fiscal Year 2023 Defense Appropriations 
bills.
  Johnnie deservedly reached a pinnacle of the Appropriations Committee 
by becoming Defense Appropriations Subcommittee Majority Staff Director 
and Clerk when Republicans gained the Majority in 2023. In this 
critical role, she drafted and served as the principal House negotiator 
for the Fiscal Year 2024 and Fiscal Year 2025 Defense Appropriations 
bills, which funded the entire Department of Defense and Intelligence 
community to the tune of over $800 billion per fiscal year. She 
facilitated daily communication with Members of Congress, senior 
administration officials, and industry leaders, while leading and 
mentoring a high-performing team of 14 direct reports. Of her many 
accomplishments in this role, her staunch advocacy for Chairman Ken 
Calvert's vision of defense innovation will have a lasting effect on 
out national security. This includes the allocation of nearly $2.5 
billion to foster innovation, including funding to identify, invest, 
and rapidly produce promising defense technologies through the Defense 
Innovation Unit and the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for 
Research and Engineering.
  It is my distinct honor to recognize Johnnie's significant 
contributions to the entire federal government, the House Committee on 
Appropriations, and--most significant to me--the office of Texas' 12th 
District. Throughout her storied career, Johnnie has exemplified what 
it means to be a selfless public servant. She has consistently 
exhibited unparalleled knowledge of government and has bridged the gap 
between countless diverse stakeholders within the appropriations 
process. Johnnie's commitment to the United States and the American 
people will remain unmatched as she leaves a legacy within America's 
national security apparatus that will live on for generations to come. 
On behalf of the American people and the lucky ones who were privileged 
enough to learn from her and work alongside her, we thank Johnnie for 
her many years of devoted service to the United States of America.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1217]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




               HONORING COPS/METRO'S 50 YEARS OF SERVICE

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. JOAQUIN CASTRO

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize 
Communities Organized for Public Service, known as COPS/Metro, for 
fifty years of dedicated service to the San Antonio community. For half 
a century, COPS/Metro has helped community members use their voices to 
influence the policy that affect their lives. This broad, nonpartisan 
coalition of religious congregations, schools, civic associations, 
labor and professional organizations, and non-profits has enacted 
powerful change over the years.
  Working with both the private and public sector, COPS/Metro provides 
a productive forum for advocacy that has changed Bexar County for the 
better. COPS/Metro brings together community members from many 
different walks of life to share their perspectives and organize for 
progress. COPS/Metro members have had an impact on everything from 
housing affordability and job training to environmental justice and 
government accountability.
  Whether the issue is improving city streets or making sure workers 
are paid a living wage, COPS/Metro has ensured services are delivered 
to those in need. I commend all the great work this organization has 
done in our community and for the growth and opportunity they have 
fostered for the San Antonio region. I look forward to seeing many more 
years of continued success for COPS/Metro.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1217]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




         CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR RENE RODRIGUEZ

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. PAT FALLON

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. FALLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sergeant Rene 
Rodriguez and award him with a Congressional Veteran Commendation. On 
behalf of a grateful Nation, we proudly recognize and commend Sergeant 
Rene Rodriguez of Whitewright, Texas, for his outstanding service in 
the United States Marine Corps. A dedicated and skilled Marine, 
Sergeant Rodriguez attained the rank of Sergeant and served with 
distinction as a Hybrid Test Set Technician, a critical and demanding 
specialty requiring exceptional technical expertise and precision.
  Throughout his service, Sergeant Rodriguez displayed unwavering 
dedication, commitment, and professionalism, directly contributing to 
the operational readiness and success of his unit and the Marine Corps 
as a whole. As a Hybrid Test Set Technician, he was responsible for 
ensuring the functionality and reliability of advanced military 
equipment, a role that is vital to mission success and the safety of 
his fellow Marines. His technical acumen and meticulous attention to 
detail helped to uphold the highest standards of excellence within his 
specialty, enabling his unit to operate effectively under challenging 
conditions.
  Sergeant Rodriguez's service embodies the values of honor, courage, 
and commitment that define the United States Marine Corps. His 
dedication to duty and exceptional performance as a Marine have left a 
lasting impact on those he served with and on the Corps itself.
  Today, we honor Sergeant Rodriguez for his sacrifice, his skill, and 
his steadfast dedication to the ideals of freedom and duty. His legacy 
of service and excellence is an inspiration, and his contributions to 
our Nation will always be remembered with gratitude.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1217]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




            RECOGNIZING OHIO REPRESENTATIVE REGGIE STOLTZFUS

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. EMILIA STRONG SYKES

                                of ohio

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mrs. SYKES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to 
Reggie Stoltzfus for his service in the Ohio General Assembly, and my 
sincere gratitude for all that he has done for the people of Ohio's 
13th Congressional District, the ``Birthplace of Champions.'' I have 
appreciated his partnership as we worked together to expand opportunity 
and deliver results for our shared constituents.
  His drive to lead is commendable, and I have no doubt that he has 
bettered countless lives as a result of his steadfast service. 
Throughout his time in office, he has proven to be a true public 
servant and leader. He led by example through his perseverance, 
compassion, and dedication to his role in the community.
  As he goes on to continue serving his community in new ways, I wish 
him all the best in his future endeavors. On behalf of Ohio's 13th 
Congressional District, I thank him for his commitment to the people of 
Northeast Ohio.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1217-E1218]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




RECOGNIZING CONSTITUENT ADVOCATE, HNUCHEE VANG, FOR HER EXCELLENT WORK 
         ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. DEAN PHILLIPS

                              of minnesota

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Constituent 
Advocate, Hnuchee Vang, for her work on behalf of every constituent in 
Minnesota's Third Congressional District. I could not be more proud or 
grateful for her service.
  Hnu began her advocacy and policy career when she attended the 
University of Minnesota where she worked as a Crisis and

[[Page E1218]]

Legal Advocate at The Aurora Center for Advocacy and Education. She 
went on to work in the Minnesota State Legislature, where she worked in 
both the House and Senate. With Minnesota House Majority Leader Ryan 
Winkler, she assisted in passing various legislation including 
Immigrant Drivers Licenses for All, legalizing adult use cannabis, and 
grant funding for the Veterans Resilience Project. While in the 
Minnesota State Senate, she successfully passed the Hmong Special 
Guerilla Units Memorial Day. Before coming to my office, Hnu worked as 
the Director of Policy and Advocacy at a local nonprofit for the 
Coalition of Asian American Leaders.
  Hnu is an inquisitive and joyful spirit. She is immensely reliable, 
wicked smart, and easy to have a long chat or a good laugh with. She 
has worked hard on behalf of the constituents in Minnesota's Third 
Congressional District. During her time in my office, as part of the 
Casework and Advocacy Team, she has helped the team return over $45 
million dollars from the Federal Government to Minnesotans and the 
local economy.
  Hnu has a strong work ethic and a steady approach to ensuring we 
provide the best service to Minnesota's Third Congressional District. 
Hnu excels in communicating with constituents; she delivers important 
information with clarity and kindness, even when that information may 
not be what constituents want to hear. She is a strong advocate who 
works diligently to ensure everyone she serves, receives the support 
they need.
  The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to 
have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed. I 
wish Hnu all the best in her future endeavors and thank her for her 
faithful service to this Nation--and much more to come.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1218]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




 HONORING CORPORAL ADRIAN MALDONADO, DEPUTY JAMES MACKEY, DEPUTY JASON 
           COKER, DEPUTY TAMMY FOX, AND DEPUTY YANICK EXCEUS

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. LOIS FRANKEL

                               of florida

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor five 
outstanding leaders in Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office (PBSO): 
Corporal Adrian Maldonado, Deputy James Mackey, Deputy Jason Coker, 
Deputy Tammy Fox, and Deputy Yanick Exceus. I congratulate each of them 
on being named recipients of the Innovations in Community Policing 
Award at the 7th Annual Attorney General Awards for Distinguished 
Service in Policing.
  During their time in Palm Beach County, they have demonstrated the 
core values and mission of the PBSO by developing innovative ways to 
use community policing to improve the lives of the people they serve. 
Specifically, Deputy Mackey and Corporal Maldonado established PBSO's 
first Homeless Intervention Team, connecting individuals experiencing 
homelessness with resources. Deputies Coker, Fox, and Exceus have 
organized food distribution programs for the hungry and helped feed 
elderly residents during the COVID-19 pandemic.
  As a direct result of their innovation, several other community 
policing units within and outside of the agency use these program 
models to bring similar change to their communities.
  I am proud to celebrate them all today. Their dedication to public 
safety and service to the people of Palm Beach County is commendable. I 
wish them continued success.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1218]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    RECOGNIZING SHERIFF GEORGE MAIER

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. EMILIA STRONG SYKES

                                of ohio

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mrs. SYKES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to 
Sheriff George Maier for his service as the Stark County Sheriff, and 
my sincere gratitude for all that he has done for the people of Ohio's 
13th Congressional District, the ``Birthplace of Champions.'' I have 
appreciated his partnership as we worked together to expand opportunity 
and deliver results for our shared constituents.
  His drive to lead is commendable, and I have no doubt that he has 
bettered countless lives as a result of his steadfast service. 
Throughout his time in office, he proved to be a true public servant 
and leader. He led by example through his perseverance, compassion, and 
dedication to his role in the community.
  As he goes on to continue serving our community in new ways, I wish 
him all the best in his future endeavors. On behalf of Ohio's 13th 
Congressional District, I thank him for his commitment to the people of 
Stark County and Northeast Ohio.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1218]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




           CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR JAMES BELL

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. PAT FALLON

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. FALLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Captain James Bell 
and award him with a Congressional Veteran Commendation. In recognition 
of Captain James Bell's distinguished service to the United States and 
his unwavering commitment to duty, this commendation celebrates the 
extraordinary contributions he has made to our Nation, both in uniform 
and as a dedicated civilian leader.
  Captain Bell's military career began with his valiant service as an 
Armored Platoon Leader and Forward Support to the Company Commander of 
the 23rd Infantry Division. Serving during the Vietnam War, Captain 
Bell spent nearly a year managing Division and Brigade supply 
operations, a role that required logistical expertise, resilience, and 
the utmost dedication. Following his service in Vietnam, he was 
stationed in Berlin, Germany, where he contributed significantly to 
Quick Response Readiness--a critical aspect of maintaining operational 
stability during the Cold War era.
  Upon transitioning from active duty, Captain Bell continued his 
commitment to his country as a member of the Texas National Guard, 
where he helped safeguard the state and community. His dedication to 
public service extended beyond the military, as he served as an advisor 
to the Work Release Program in Texas prisons, working tirelessly to 
help individuals rebuild their lives. Captain Bell's dedication was 
further recognized at the national level when President George W. Bush 
appointed him to serve on the Red River Authority, where he provided 
essential leadership and guidance over an impressive 18 years. His 
three terms on the Authority reflect his deep commitment to responsible 
resource management and public service.
  Captain Bell's commitment to his fellow veterans and his community is 
equally commendable. He remains active in the Veterans of Foreign Wars, 
the American Legion, and his church, embodying the spirit of 
camaraderie, faith, and service that define America's finest. With 
profound respect and gratitude, we commend Captain Jim Bell for his 
remarkable service, his steadfast loyalty to his country, and his 
ongoing commitment to his community. His legacy of honor, resilience, 
and public service stands as an inspiration to all.
  Today, we honor Captain James Bell for his sacrifice, his skill, and 
his steadfast dedication to the ideals of freedom and duty. His legacy 
of service and excellence is an inspiration, and his contributions to 
our Nation will always be remembered with gratitude.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1218-E1219]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




        CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR MATTHEW LOVACHEFF

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. PAT FALLON

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. FALLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Petty Officer 
Third Class Matthew Lovacheff and award him with a Congressional 
Veteran Commendation. Petty Officer Third Class Matthew Lovacheff, of 
Rockwall, Texas, served the United States Navy with distinction and 
dedication for four years, embodying the Navy's core values of Honor, 
Courage, and Commitment. As a Gunners Mate and an Aviation Boatswain's 
Mate, Petty Officer Lovacheff was stationed on the USS George 
Washington in Norfolk, Virginia, where he undertook significant 
responsibilities that were integral to the ship's operational 
readiness. His primary role was in providing essential supplies and 
logistical support for a division of 200 personnel, ensuring the smooth 
and efficient operation of his team. In addition, he expertly 
maintained catapults and arresting gear within the Aircraft Launch and 
Recovery Division, enabling safe and reliable operations in the high-
stakes environment of naval aviation.
  Petty Officer Lovacheff's service extended beyond standard duties as 
he participated in United Nations Weapons Inspections leading up to the 
2003 Iraq War, contributing to international security and diplomacy. 
Through his Navy experience, Petty Officer Lovacheff developed a 
profound sense of patriotism and an unwavering dedication to the ideals 
of service, sacrifice, and leadership.
  One instance of his bravery and commitment is especially noteworthy: 
during a critical moment, Petty Officer Lovacheff acted decisively to 
prevent injury to a shipmate by attempting to stop a 400-pound piston 
from falling. In the process, he sustained an injury to

[[Page E1219]]

his finger but succeeded in protecting his fellow sailor. This selfless 
act highlights his courage and commitment to his team.
  Since completing his naval service, Petty Officer Lovacheff has 
continued his legacy of service by establishing substance abuse 
counseling ministries in the United States and around the world. His 
work has positively impacted countless lives and communities, bringing 
hope and support to those in need. Additionally, he serves as a 
dedicated volunteer within his church in Dallas, Texas.
  Petty Officer Matthew Lovacheff's exemplary service in the U.S. Navy, 
his commitment to his country, and his ongoing dedication to his 
community mark him as a true patriot and an honorable representative of 
the United States Navy. His actions reflect the highest standards of 
naval service, and his contributions, both in uniform and as a 
civilian, continue to inspire those around him.
  I am honored to represent Petty Officer Third Class Matthew Lovacheff 
in Texas' 4th Congressional District. It is a privilege to award him 
the Congressional Veteran Commendation for his service to our Nation 
and to the people of North Texas.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1219]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




         RECOGNIZING SUMMIT COUNTY COUNCILWOMAN GLORIA RODGERS

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. EMILIA STRONG SYKES

                                of ohio

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mrs. SYKES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to 
Councilwoman Gloria Rodgers for her service on Summit County Council, 
and my sincere gratitude for all that she has done for the people of 
Ohio's 13th Congressional District, the ``Birthplace of Champions.'' I 
have appreciated her partnership as we worked together to expand 
opportunity and deliver results for our shared constituents.
  Her drive to lead is commendable, and I have no doubt that she has 
bettered countless lives as a result of her steadfast service. 
Throughout her time in office, she proved to be a true public servant 
and leader. She led by example through her perseverance, compassion, 
and dedication to her role in the community.
  As she goes on to continue serving our community in new ways, I wish 
her all the best in her future endeavors. On behalf of Ohio's 13th 
Congressional District, I thank her for her commitment to the people of 
Summit County and to Northeast Ohio.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1219]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




        RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF L.A. CARE CEO JOHN BAACKES

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. NORMA J. TORRES

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mrs. TORRES of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John 
Baackes and his nine years of steadfast service as the L.A. Care Health 
Plan Chief Executive Officer, the nation's largest publicly operated 
health plan serving over two million members in Los Angeles County.
  John Baackes joined L.A. Care in 2015. Throughout his extensive 
tenure, Baackes helped spearhead and sustain a number of significant 
initiatives, including expanding from 4 to 14 community resource 
centers throughout Los Angeles County; launching a scholarship program 
for medical school students committed to practicing in underserved 
communities; and developing a school loan repayment program for 
physicians who establish their medical practice within disadvantaged 
communities. He also works with L.A. Care's Board of Governors to set 
the strategic vision while overseeing the day-to-day operations.
  Additionally, Baackes currently serves as Chairman of the Board for 
Charles Drew University and sits on the boards of America's Health 
Insurance Plans, California Association of Health Plans, Local Health 
Plans of California, and Urban Voices Project.
  At the end of this year, John Baackes is officially retiring. I hope 
that he gets to rest and enjoy time with his family. We are grateful 
for his service to our community.
  For his outstanding accomplishments, it is my honor to recognize John 
Baackes. His years of civic service and commitment to the betterment of 
Los Angeles County is worthy of the highest commendation.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1219]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   HONORING WORLD TURKISH COFFEE DAY

                                 ______
                                 

                       HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR.

                              of virginia

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize World Turkish 
Coffee Day, celebrated annually on December 5th, as a moment to honor a 
cherished tradition transcending borders, cultures, and generations. 
Turkish coffee, renowned for its rich flavor, unique preparation, and 
social significance, holds the prestigious designation of being listed 
on UNESCO's Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
  This timeless beverage is more than just a drink--it is a cultural 
bridge that fosters connections and encourages conversations. The 
preparation and sharing of Turkish coffee symbolize hospitality, 
friendship, and the spirit of togetherness. For centuries, it has been 
an integral part of countless traditions, from engagement ceremonies to 
gatherings with loved ones.
  Today, I also want to highlight the contributions of Turkish 
Americans, who have brought this rich cultural heritage to communities 
across the United States, including right here in Northern Virginia. 
Through their entrepreneurial spirit, Turkish Americans have introduced 
Turkish coffee to a global audience, opening businesses, fostering 
intercultural dialogue, and enriching the cultural tapestry of our 
Nation. Their contributions remind us of the strength we draw from 
diversity and the beauty of shared traditions.
  As we celebrate World Turkish Coffee Day, let us acknowledge the 
legacy of Turkish coffee as a living symbol of heritage and humanity. 
May its spirit of unity and friendship continue to inspire us all.
  I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing the cultural 
significance of Turkish coffee and the invaluable contributions of 
Turkish Americans to our society.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1219]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      RECOGNIZING JUDGE JOHN WISE

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. EMILIA STRONG SYKES

                                of ohio

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mrs. SYKES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to 
Judge John Wise for his service on the 5th District Court of Appeals, 
and my sincere gratitude for all that he has done for the people of 
Ohio's 13th Congressional District, the ``Birthplace of Champions.'' I 
have appreciated his partnership as we worked together to expand 
opportunity and deliver results for our shared constituents.
  His drive to lead is commendable, and I have no doubt that he has 
bettered countless lives as a result of his steadfast service. 
Throughout his time in office, he has proved to be a true public 
servant and leader. He led by example through his perseverance, 
compassion, and dedication to his role in the community.
  As he goes on to continue serving our community in new ways, I wish 
him all the best in his future endeavors. On behalf of Ohio's 13th 
Congressional District, I thank him for his commitment to the people of 
Northeast Ohio.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1219-E1220]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




          CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR RUSSELL PETRE

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. PAT FALLON

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. FALLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Petty Officer 
Third Class Russell Petre and award him with a Congressional Veteran 
Commendation. Petty Officer Third Class Russell Petre, from Denison, 
Texas, is hereby honored for his dedicated service to the United States 
Navy and his lifelong commitment to the safety and service of others. 
As a parachute rigger during the Vietnam War, Petty Officer Petre took 
on the critical responsibility of ensuring the safety and survival of 
aircrew members. Through his meticulous inspection, testing, and 
packing of parachutes and survival equipment, he safeguarded countless 
lives. His commitment to excellence in this role, even under the 
challenges of a combat environment, upheld the highest standards of 
readiness and reliability for his crew members.
  For his honorable service, Petty Officer Petre was awarded the 
National Defense Service Medal and the Vietnam Service Medal, 
acknowledgments of his dedication and sacrifice during a pivotal period 
in American history.
  After his time in the Navy, Petty Officer Petre continued his legacy 
of service for 23 years as a firefighter, demonstrating bravery, skill, 
and unwavering commitment to public safety. His work with the fire 
department exemplified his deep sense of duty to protect his community. 
Following his firefighting career, he applied his knowledge and 
experience to deliver and demonstrate fire trucks, further supporting 
first responders and ensuring they

[[Page E1220]]

had the equipment they needed to do their jobs safely and effectively.
  Petty Officer Petre's distinguished career in the military, 
firefighting, and his subsequent service exemplifies a lifetime of 
devotion to protecting and aiding others. His dedication, integrity, 
and selflessness serve as an inspiration to his family, community, and 
fellow veterans. We honor and thank Petty Officer Third Class Russ 
Petre for his invaluable contributions to his country and his 
community.
  I am honored to represent Petty Officer Third Class Russell Petre in 
Texas' 4th Congressional District. It is a privilege to award him the 
Congressional Veteran Commendation for his service to our Nation and to 
the people of North Texas.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1220]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




          CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR ROBERT WALKER

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. PAT FALLON

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. FALLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Senior Airman 
Robert Walker and award him with a Congressional Veteran Commendation. 
Senior Airman Walker is a dedicated patriot from Paris, Texas, who 
served our Nation with distinction for an extraordinary 50 years in the 
United States Air Force, including 17 years of active duty and 33 years 
in the reserves. Through both his extensive military career and ongoing 
service to his community, Senior Airman Walker embodies President John 
F. Kennedy's call to ``Ask not what your country can do for you, ask 
what you can do for your country.''
  During his active-duty service Senior Airman Walker played a critical 
role in supporting Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm. 
As a logistics and operations expert, he meticulously managed orders 
for essential parts needed by base agencies, ensuring mission readiness 
and safety. In addition, he coordinated flight plans for aircraft on 
base, ensuring operational efficiency and the secure movement of 
critical assets. His unwavering commitment to these demanding 
responsibilities was instrumental in supporting our armed forces and 
maintaining our country's defense.
  Senior Airman Walker's dedication did not end with his retirement 
from active duty. Despite being rendered 100 percent disabled as a 
result of his service, he has tirelessly contributed to his community, 
particularly in his work with special needs and disabled children. His 
selfless commitment to helping others and his resilience in the face of 
personal hardship demonstrate his character and his dedication to a 
lifetime of service.
  Today, we commend Senior Airman Robert Walker for his outstanding 
dedication to his country and community. His service and sacrifices 
stand as a testament to the highest values of our Nation, and we are 
forever grateful for his legacy of bravery, kindness, and service.
  I am honored to represent Senior Airman Robert Walker in Texas' 4th 
Congressional District. It is a privilege to award him the 
Congressional Veteran Commendation for his service to our Nation and to 
the people of North Texas.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1220]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      RECOGNIZING JUDGE SCOTT GWIN

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. EMILIA STRONG SYKES

                                of ohio

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mrs. SYKES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to 
Judge Scott Gwin for his service on the 5th District Court of Appeals, 
and my sincere gratitude for all that he has done for the people of 
Ohio's 13th Congressional District, the ``Birthplace of Champions.'' I 
have appreciated his partnership as we worked together to expand 
opportunity and deliver results for our shared constituents.
  His drive to lead is commendable, and I have no doubt that he has 
bettered countless lives as a result of his steadfast service. 
Throughout his time in office, he proved to be a true public servant 
and leader. He led by example through his perseverance, compassion, and 
dedication to his role in the community.
  As he goes on to continue serving our community in new ways, I wish 
him all the best in his future endeavors. On behalf of Ohio's 13th 
Congressional District, I thank him for his commitment to the people of 
Northeast Ohio.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1220]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   PAYING TRIBUTE TO SHIRLEY CHISHOLM

                                 ______
                                 

                               speech of

                          HON. AYANNA PRESSLEY

                            of massachusetts

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Ms. PRESSLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy 
of my forever shero, Shirley Chisholm.
  Long before I joined this chamber, I had a soul-tie to Shirley.
  My mother used to read me the words of Shirley Chisholm instead of 
fairy tales at bedtime, and I often remember her words: If they don't 
give you a seat at the table, bring your own folding chair.
  We often define iconic trailblazers to a single moment in history, 
but Shirley's contributions go beyond just one speech or achievement.
  A visionary and a doer, Shirley Chisholm was a forceful champion and 
helped advance policies that support our most marginalized communities.
  Mr. Speaker let the record reflect that Shirley Chisholm was a 
legislator in her own right.
  Without her, we may not have an effective SNAP program or a multi-
racial, intergenerational coalition fighting to codify the ERA.
  She paved the way for every Black woman in this legislative body--
myself included.
  As the first Black woman to represent the Commonwealth of 
Massachusetts in the House of Representatives, I was honored during my 
first two terms to occupy the physical office she once held as the 
first Black woman elected to Congress ever.
  Shirley was disruptive. She was brave. Shirley dared to be herself, 
and Shirley dared to dream.
  So it's befitting she was also the first Black woman to make a 
presidential run, paving the way for our Vice President Kamala Harris 
to do the same.
  She was unbought and unbossed, and she is a reminder to Black girls 
everywhere that we belong in the halls of power.
  Today, we honor one of the founders of the Congressional black Caucus 
by leading, legislating and taking up space--just like she taught us.
  Happy 100th birthday to the Congresswoman, and may she rest in peace 
and power.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1220]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




   RECOGNIZING OUTSTANDING DISTRICT EIGHT CONSTITUENT MRS. MARY McCOY

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. MORGAN LUTTRELL

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. LUTTRELL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize and congratulate 
an outstanding District Eight constituent, Mrs. Mary McCoy, on her two 
most recent extraordinary honors. The first being her introduction into 
the Radio Hall of Fame, and also for her statue unveiling in the 
Conroe, Texas Founders' Plaza.
  These achievements not only celebrate her unparalleled career, but 
also reflect the profound impact she has had on the Conroe community 
and beyond. Mrs. McCoy's voice has been a constant companion to 
generations of listeners. Through the airwaves, she has not only 
entertained but also uplifted people from all walks of life.
  The recognition of her career is well deserved, a testament to her 
talent, hard work, and influence in the world of radio. Mrs. McCoy has 
set a standard of excellence that will inspire the future generations 
of broadcasting.
  The bronze bust presented in the Founders' Plaza will stand as a 
symbol of her legacy not just in Radio, but to our community and 
culture. It reminds us all of the power of perseverance, passion, and 
the ability to blaze our own trails.
  These are well-earned accolades for the great work Mrs. McCoy has 
done through the years that will leave a mark in our history. I am 
honored to have the privilege of witnessing Mrs. McCoy's legacy and I 
am proud to have her as an incredible constituent of Texas-08.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1220-E1221]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




RECOGNIZING STAFF ASSISTANT AND LEGISLATIVE CORRESPONDENT, ZEHRA KHAN, 
  FOR HER EXCELLENT WORK ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL 
                                DISTRICT

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. DEAN PHILLIPS

                              of minnesota

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my former Staff 
Assistant and Legislative Correspondent, Zehra Khan, for her

[[Page E1221]]

work on behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional 
District. In August, Zehra departed my office for a new opportunity to 
attend Columbia University Graduate School of Arts and Science for 
Political Science, and I could not be more proud or grateful for her 
service.
  As a Minnesota District Three native, Zehra grew up in the district 
she so proudly served. After graduating from The Blake School, she 
attended and graduated from the University of Minnesota earning her 
Bachelor of Arts degree in political science. Her public service spans 
time working in State Legislative Offices and at the federal level. 
Zehra has strong ties to her cultural identity and community. She has a 
passion for global women's issues, even serving as a delegate to the 
68th UN Commission on The Status of Women.
  Zehra's colleagues have had the honor of watching her evolve from a 
shy intern to a confident, capable Staff Assistant during her time in 
the office. Equally adept with pop culture critiques and international 
affairs analysis, Zehra has made our office both smarter and more 
relevant. Her deep roots in MN-03 allow her to both connect with 
constituents and offer the best local restaurant recommendations.
  The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to 
have her dedication and leadership, and she is dearly missed. However, 
we look forward to watching her succeed in graduate school and beyond.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1221]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




       RECOGNIZING STARK COUNTY COMMISSIONER JANET WEIR CREIGHTON

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. EMILIA STRONG SYKES

                                of ohio

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mrs. SYKES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to 
Commissioner Janet Weir Creighton for her service as a Stark County 
Commissioner, and my sincere gratitude for all that she has done for 
the people of Ohio's 13th Congressional District, the ``Birthplace of 
Champions.'' I have appreciated her partnership as we worked together 
to expand opportunity and deliver results for our shared constituents.
  Her drive to lead is commendable, and I have no doubt that she has 
bettered countless lives as a result of her steadfast service. 
Throughout her 40 years in public service, she has proven to be a true 
advocate and leader. She led by example through her perseverance, 
compassion, and dedication in her role in the community and those she 
served.
  As a woman in a position of influence, and sometimes the first woman 
in her various roles throughout her career, she has undoubtedly 
inspired the coming generation of young women to stand strong for what 
they believe in and strive for positions of leadership.
  For her outstanding devotion, she has earned the respect and esteem 
of many, and in the wake of her departure, I know her numerous 
contributions will not be forgotten I am confident that her fine 
character and decisive leadership will be sorely missed.
  As she goes on to continue serving our community in new ways, I wish 
her all the best in her future endeavors. Again, on behalf of Ohio's 
13th Congressional District, I would like to thank Commissioner Janet 
Weir Creighton for her commitment to the people of Stark County and to 
Northeast Ohio.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1221]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   HONORING CAPTAIN ERIK E. ANDERSON

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. PETE STAUBER

                              of minnesota

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. STAUBER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the 50th birthday of 
Captain Erik E. Anderson.
  Captain Anderson was born on December 1, 1974. Raised in Lafayette, 
Louisiana, Captain Anderson graduated from the Rensselaer Polytechnic 
Institute through the Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps in 1997 
with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Mechanical Engineering. He first 
served aboard USS Hopper (DDG 70) from 1998 to 1999, completing the 
ship's maiden deployment, a dry-docking availability, and surface 
warfare officer qualification.
  After serving on the USS Hopper, he completed the Naval Nuclear 
Propulsion Program's nuclear pipeline training and reported to his 
second division officer tour on USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN 71) from 
2001 to 2003. He completed the ship's ``Iron Man'' Cruise in support of 
Operation Enduring Freedom and became a Nuclear Engineer Officer.
  Captain Anderson was selected for shore duty at Naval Reactors' 
Headquarters in Washington, DC, where he worked from 2003 to 2006 on 
advanced technology Insertion projects for CVN 68 Class ships' 
propulsion plant, preliminary designs for USS Gerald R Ford (CVN 78), 
and test programs for west coast CVNs and ex-Enterprise (CVN 65).
  During this time, he attended graduate school at The Catholic 
University of America, earning a Master of Engineering Degree in 
Engineering Management.
  From late 2006 to 2011, Captain Anderson served as the Assistant 
Program Manager for ex-Enterprise in the Naval Reactors' Program Office 
for Surface Ships. During this time, he led the planning and execution 
of the ship's last major dry-docking availability, allowing the ship to 
complete two more deployments prior to her removal service. He also led 
early planning and budgeting efforts for the one-of-a-kind defueling 
and inactivation of ex-Enterprise.
  Captain Anderson then transferred to the Nuclear Technology Division 
as the Director of Radiological Controls from 2011 to 2014. He was 
responsible for the radiation protection of all sailors, workers, the 
public, and the environment from the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program's 
radioactivity on all ships, prototypes, shipyards, bases, DOE 
laboratories, and the Naval Reactors Facility. He also assisted with 
the Naval Reactors' support of the U.S. Navy's Operation Tomodachi in 
response to the nuclear accidents at Fukushima.
  From late 2014 to mid-2023, Captain Anderson assumed duties as the 
Program Manager for the Naval Reactors Facility in Idaho, where he led 
the Naval Reactors' efforts to publish the draft and final 
Environmental Impact Statements for the recapitalization of spent fuel 
handling in Idaho, a three billion dollar major construction project. 
He has also led the Naval Reactors Facility fleet support mission in 
Idaho to process, examine, and package naval spent nuclear fuel in 
accordance with stringent Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program 
requirements, fleet schedules, and commitments to the State of Idaho.
  In July 2023, Captain Anderson transferred to the Acting Deputy 
Director for Governmental Affairs. In February 2024, he was selected as 
the Director for Governmental Affairs, where he oversees multiple 
aspects of the Naval Reactors' Congressional Affairs efforts.
  Captain Anderson's decorations include two Meritorious Service Medals 
and other individual and unit awards. His wife, Ania, and son, Aksel, 
consider him the head and the heart of their family.
  On December 1, 2024, Captain Anderson celebrated his 50th birthday. I 
thank Captain Anderson for his service and congratulate him for 
reaching this important milestone. I hope this next chapter is filled 
with as much adventure as the last.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1221-E1222]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




     CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR CHARLES E. RICHMOND II

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. PAT FALLON

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. FALLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant Charles 
E. Richmond II of Rockwall, Texas, and award him a Congressional 
Veteran Commendation. Lieutenant Richmond honorably served in the 
United States Army for over twenty years, both in an Active Duty role 
and as a reservist.
  Lieutenant Richmond began his distinguished career in the United 
States Army, where he served with honor and distinction. During his 
time serving our country, he demonstrated exceptional leadership, 
strategic thinking, and a deep commitment to the values that define the 
Army--loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, honor, integrity, and 
personal courage. Over the course of his military service, Lieutenant 
Richmond participated in numerous assignments, missions, and 
operations, always prioritizing the safety and well-being of his fellow 
soldiers and the nation he swore to defend. His ability to lead with 
integrity, his tactical acumen, and his ability to adapt to the 
challenges of military service earned him the admiration of peers and 
superiors alike.
  After his service in the Army, Lieutenant Richmond transitioned 
seamlessly into a new chapter of service as a police officer. For more 
than twenty years, he served in this demanding and high-pressure role 
with the same dedication to protecting and serving his community. As a 
law enforcement officer, Lieutenant Richmond stood as a pillar of 
strength, always striving to maintain order, promote safety, and foster 
positive relationships between law enforcement and the public. His 
presence on the force was marked by a steadfast commitment to justice, 
an unwavering respect for human dignity, and a tireless work ethic. 
Whether responding to critical incidents or mentoring younger officers, 
Lieutenant Richmond demonstrated the qualities of a leader and a 
servant, working tirelessly to ensure that the community remained safe 
and secure.

[[Page E1222]]

  Throughout his career, Lieutenant Richmond exemplified what it means 
to be a public servant. His courage, resilience, and professionalism 
set a standard for others to follow. The impact of his service will be 
felt for many years to come, as the countless lives he touched--whether 
as a soldier or as a police officer--will continue to carry the lessons 
he imparted through his actions and leadership.
  Lieutenant Richmond is also an exemplary father and husband. 
Throughout his career, he worked hard to ensure that his family was 
taken care of, and that they had all of the opportunities.
  I am honored to represent Lieutenant Richmond in Texas' 4th 
Congressional District. It is a privilege to award him the 
Congressional Veteran Commendation for his service to our Nation and to 
the people of North Texas.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1222]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   RECOGNIZING JUDGE PATRICIA DELANEY

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. EMILIA STRONG SYKES

                                of ohio

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mrs. SYKES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to 
Judge Patricia Delaney for her service on the 5th District Court of 
Appeals, and my sincere gratitude for all that she has done for the 
people of Ohio's 13th Congressional District, the ``Birthplace of 
Champions.'' I have appreciated her partnership as we worked together 
to expand opportunity and deliver results for our shared constituents.
  Her drive to lead is commendable, and I have no doubt that she has 
bettered countless lives as a result of her steadfast service. 
Throughout her time in office, she proved to be a true public servant 
and leader. She led by example through her perseverance, compassion, 
and dedication to her role in the community.
  As she goes on to continue serving our community in new ways, I wish 
her all the best in her future endeavors. On behalf of Ohio's 13th 
Congressional District, I thank her for her commitment to the people of 
Northeast Ohio.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1222]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         HONORING JORGE CORTEZ

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. JOAQUIN CASTRO

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and 
legacy of Mr. Jorge Cortez, who passed away on November 11, 2024, at 
the age of 81. Known for his signature red apron, white guayabera and 
white hat, Jorge was not just an icon of San Antonio's culinary world 
but also a visionary artist and a champion of the city's vibrant 
cultura. A proud son of my hometown of San Antonio, Mr. Cortez leaves 
behind his seven children--Pete, Deborah, Christina, Paloma, Carino, 
Alexandra, and Sol Jorge, twelve grandchildren, and one great-
grandchild.
  In 1941, Mr. Cortez's parents, Pedro and Cruz, purchased a small 
three-table cafe that would become an iconic and beloved community 
institution. Mi Tierra Cafe was more than a place to dine--it became a 
haven for comunidad, filled with musica, murals, and the aromas of 
their authentic comida. After their father passed away in 1984, Mr. 
Cortez and his siblings committed themselves to preserving and 
expanding his legacy, creating a thriving business rooted in honoring 
and promoting their Latino culture. Under their leadership, La Familia 
Cortez grew to include five beloved restaurants, employing more than 
600 San Antonians. Mr. Cortez's creative spark was also behind the 
invention of sizzling fajitas, a dish that has become synonymous with 
Tex-Mex cuisine.
  Mr. Cortez was more than a restaurateur; he was an artist and a 
visionary leader who believed in using art and culture to uplift the 
community. His artistry extended beyond the murals of Mi Tierra to 
shape the cultural fabric of downtown San Antonio. Mr. Cortez played a 
key role in the establishment of Zona Cultural, a 44-block historic 
district designated by the City of San Antonio and the State of Texas 
that celebrates the diversity, creativity, and commerce of San Antonio. 
His vision for Zona Cultural transformed it into a hub of heritage and 
innovation, ensuring that future generations could experience and 
cherish the richness of the city's history.
  La Familia Cortez is the definition of the American dream, and the 
Cortez family continues to shape San Antonio for the better. Mr. Cortez 
was a lively and much-admired member of our community, and he will be 
greatly missed.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1222]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




     COMMEMORATING THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF 
TRANSPORTATION'S PIPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY ADMINISTRATION

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. RICK LARSEN

                             of washington

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate 
the twentieth anniversary of the Department of Transportation's 
Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA).
  On June 10, 1999, a pipeline leak caused a massive explosion in my 
district in Bellingham, Washington. The rupture released more than a 
quarter million gallons of gasoline into Whatcom Creek. The gasoline 
ignited, sending a fireball racing down the creek that killed two 10-
year-old boys and an 18-year-old young man. The two boys, Stephen 
Tsiorvas and Wade King, were playing in a creek near their homes on an 
idyllic summer day, and the young man, Liam Wood, had just graduated 
from high school and was fly-fishing for trout.
  The American people, including my constituents in response to the 
tragic Bellingham incident, justifiably raised safety concerns that 
there was not enough federal oversight of pipelines and hazardous 
materials. In response, Congress created PHMSA within the Department of 
Transportation in 2004 to do just that, as part of the Norman Y. Mineta 
Research and Special Programs Improvement Act, which was signed into 
law on November 30, 2004.
  Twenty years after the 2004 creation of this new modal administration 
specifically focused on pipeline and hazardous materials transportation 
safety, PHMSA continues its work. This includes overseeing $1 billion 
in pipeline safety grants as part of the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law 
so communities can repair or replace aging, leak-prone natural gas 
pipeline infrastructure while creating jobs, reducing methane emissions 
and keeping communities safe.
  Last December, the Transportation & Infrastructure Committee passed a 
bipartisan pipeline safety reauthorization bill to ensure PHMSA and 
state pipeline safety inspectors have the resources they need. This 
legislation increases transparency and accountability from pipeline 
operators and supports emerging technology in pipelines, including for 
carbon dioxide and hydrogen.
  I am grateful for PHMSA's two decades of work and the agency's 
ongoing commitment to protecting people and the environment by 
advancing the safe transportation of energy and other hazardous 
materials that are essential to daily life.
  In the 119th Congress, I look forward to a bipartisan effort to 
reauthorize the work of PHMSA's Office of Pipeline Safety, as we have 
for the past two decades. More work remains, including ensuring first 
responders have the training they need to address accidents and 
incidents where hazardous materials are released whether that is by 
pipeline, rail, or any other mode of transportation. Safety is a need 
in every community in every Congressional District and in my role in 
the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, I will continue to 
work to reach common ground to enhance safety for all Americans. I 
thank PHMSA for its ongoing work to do the same.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1222-E1223]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




          CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR JEFFREY WILEY

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. PAT FALLON

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. FALLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Major Jeffrey 
Wiley and award him a Congressional Veteran Commendation. In honor of 
Major Jay Wiley's dedicated 20-year career in the United States Army, 
we extend our deepest gratitude for his exemplary service. Hailing from 
Rockwall, Texas, Major Wiley's commitment to duty and country reflects 
an unwavering dedication to safeguarding our Nation and advancing 
military operations both at home and abroad.
  Throughout his distinguished career, Major Wiley served as a Signals 
Officer, Detachment Commander, and Operations Officer. His roles 
required significant expertise and responsibility, overseeing multi-
national and joint-service intelligence activities and ensuring 
seamless coordination across multiple defense sectors. His leadership 
was vital to the success of intelligence operations, bringing together 
personnel from various branches and nations, and enabling information 
sharing at critical moments in support of national security. His 
knowledge and strategic vision in air defense systems also enhanced our 
military's operational effectiveness and strengthened our national 
defense posture.
  In 1991, Major Wiley deployed to Kuwait, where he contributed to the 
coalition efforts

[[Page E1223]]

during Operation Desert Storm, exemplifying courage and commitment in 
service to his country. His work as part of the coalition underscored 
his ability to work effectively in high-pressure, international 
environments, providing crucial signals intelligence and operations 
expertise in one of the most significant conflicts of our time.
  Major Jay Wiley's legacy of service and leadership in the United 
States Army is a testament to his dedication, skill, and loyalty. His 
contributions have made a lasting impact on our Nation's security and 
on the lives of those with whom he served. We honor his sacrifices and 
accomplishments and express our heartfelt thanks for his years of 
dedicated service to our country.
  I am honored to represent Major Wiley in Texas' 4th Congressional 
District. It is a privilege to award him the Congressional Veteran 
Commendation for his service to our Nation and to the people of North 
Texas.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1223]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

  Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 
4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized 
schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees, 
subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference. This 
title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate 
Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and 
purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or 
changes in the meetings as they occur.
  As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this 
information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this 
information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the 
Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
  Meetings scheduled for Thursday, December 5, 2024 may be found in the 
Daily Digest of today's Record.

                           MEETINGS SCHEDULED

                              DECEMBER 10
     10 a.m.
       Committee on the Judiciary
         To hold hearings to examine mass deportations.
                                                            SD-G50
     2 p.m.
       Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs
       Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations
         To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Coast Guard.
                                                            SD-342

                              DECEMBER 11
     10 a.m.
       Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs
         To hold hearings to examine consumer protection, focusing 
           on protecting workers' money and fighting for the 
           dignity of work.
                                                            SD-538
     2:30 p.m.
       Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation
       Subcommittee on Communications, Media, and Broadband
         To hold hearings to examine communications networks 
           safety and security.
                                                            SR-253








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1223]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




          CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR MARK RUSSELL

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. PAT FALLON

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. FALLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Staff Sergeant 
Mark Russell of Sherman, Texas, and award him a Congressional Veteran 
Commendation. Staff Sergeant Russell honorably served in the United 
States Air Force during the Vietnam war.
  Staff Sergeant Russell trained in Radiology, Radiation Technology, 
and medical physics. During his time serving in the U.S. Air Force, he 
was given the responsibility to open and establish a Radiation Oncology 
treatment center to qualify the Wright-Patterson AFB as a comprehensive 
cancer treatment center. Additionally, he received the National Defense 
Service Medal, the AFM 900-3, and a Sharp Shooter Badge for his service 
in the U.S. Air Force.
  Staff Sergeant Russell is a graduate of the Hobe Sound Bible College 
in Florida, where he received a bachelor's degree in educational 
administration in 1970. He began working at the Wright-Patterson AFB 
Medical Center's Radiation Oncology facility that same year while 
completing postgraduate studies. Staff Sergeant Russell later received 
his Master of Science in Radiological Physics from Ohio State 
University and a Master of Health Administration from Washington 
University. Throughout his extensive career, he has published numerous 
studies on the topic of oncology and worked diligently to bring us one 
step closer to defeating cancer. From 2007 to 2012, Staff Sergeant 
Russell served as the Director for Physics and Technology Services at 
the Moffitt Cancer Center in Florida.
  I am honored to represent Staff Sergeant Russell in Texas' 4th 
Congressional district. It is a pleasure to award him the Congressional 
Veteran Commendation for his service to our Nation and to the people of 
North Texas.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1223]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      RECOGNIZING JUDGE JIM JAMES

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. EMILIA STRONG SYKES

                                of ohio

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mrs. SYKES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to 
Judge Jim James for his service on the Stark County Court of Common 
Pleas, and my sincere gratitude for all that he has done for the people 
of Ohio's 13th Congressional District, the ``Birthplace of Champions.'' 
I have appreciated his partnership as we worked together to expand 
opportunity and deliver results for our shared constituents.
  His drive to lead is commendable, and I have no doubt that he has 
bettered countless lives as a result of his steadfast service. 
Throughout his time in office, he proved to be a true public servant 
and leader. He led by example through his perseverance, compassion, and 
dedication to his role in the community.
  As he goes on to continue serving our community in new ways, I wish 
him all the best in his future endeavors. On behalf of Ohio's 13th 
Congressional District, I thank him for his commitment to the people of 
Stark County and Northeast Ohio.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1223]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          PERSONAL EXPLANATION

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. KATIE PORTER

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Ms. PORTER. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present to cast my vote 
on Roll Call No. 479 on December 3, 2024. Had I been present, I would 
have voted YEA.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1223]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                HONORING DEPUTY SHERIFF JAHMAR ROBINSON

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. LOIS FRANKEL

                               of florida

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Palm 
Beach County Sheriff's Office (PBSO) Deputy Sheriff Jahmar Robinson, a 
diligent public servant, to congratulate him on being named the Field 
Operations Awardee at the 7th Annual Attorney General Awards for 
Distinguished Service in Policing. During his time with PBSO, Deputy 
Robinson has become a trusted presence and role model in the community.
  Deputy Robinson's knowledge of the County and its residents has 
prevented potential violent cnmes before they happen and has allowed 
him to respond effectively when incidents arise. He serves our local 
residents through community-oriented practices in policing, while 
combating crime and decreasing recidivism.
  Deputy Robinson serves as a positive role model for at-risk youth, 
and his work goes above and beyond crime prevention and response. From 
facilitating outreach to local schools to connecting local residents to 
childcare resources and domestic violence crisis resources, his 
dedication to enhancing safety and fostering civilian relationships has 
lasting impacts on building a safer and more connected community.
  Jahmar's dedication to public safety and his service to the people of 
Palm Beach County is truly admirable. I am proud to celebrate him today 
and wish him continued success.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1223]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          PERSONAL EXPLANATION

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. JIMMY GOMEZ

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                      Wednesday, December 4, 2024

  Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, on December 3, 2024, I was not recorded on 
Roll Call No. 479. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll 
Call No. 479.

                          ____________________








[Page H6297]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 HARDWORKING PENNSYLVANIA ENTREPRENEURS

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. Thompson) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize 
the hardworking entrepreneurs of Pennsylvania in celebration of Small 
Business Saturday.
  Small businesses across our Nation are the backbone of our economy 
and the heart of our communities. Now, more than ever, they need our 
support. For small business owners, their shops are more than just a 
business, it is an extension of who they are.
  When you think about the places that give our neighborhoods their 
unique character, we think about the coffee shop on the corner, the 
boutique where you find the perfect gift, or the family-owned diner 
that feels like home.
  Small Business Saturday is about recognizing the value of our small 
businesses and showing them the support that they deeply deserve. Since 
its inception in 2010, the total reported U.S. spending on small 
businesses during Small Business Saturday is an estimated $201 billion 
according to data from the Small Business Administration.
  SBA's data for 2023 shows the reported projected spending in the 
United States from those who shopped at small businesses on Small 
Business Saturday fell to around $17 billion. This support is crucial 
to small businesses across the Nation and in the Commonwealth of 
Pennsylvania.
  Small businesses play a vital role in Pennsylvania's economy. 
Pennsylvania is home to 1.1 million small businesses that employ 2.5 
million individuals, about half of the State's private workforce.
  Behind every small business is a story. It is a story of risk and 
resilience, of people who took a leap of faith to turn their dreams 
into reality, and of neighbors who refuse to give up even when the 
times are tough.
  Small Business Saturday isn't just about shopping. It is about 
appreciation. It is about recognizing that when we support small 
businesses, we invest in the people who invest in the United States and 
invest in us.
  It is about thanking those who contribute so much to our communities. 
Our entrepreneurs are leaders. They support our schools, sponsor sports 
teams, and give us spaces to gather, connect, and grow.
  As we progress in this season of gratitude and giving, let's pause 
and choose small. Whether it is picking up a holiday gift from a local 
shop, dining at a family-owned restaurant, or simply spreading the word 
about a business you love, every action counts.
  Mr. Speaker, supporting the local businesses within our communities 
not only keeps those businesses alive, but it also keeps the 
communities they serve thriving for generations to come.

                          ____________________








[Page H6297]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          MORNING-HOUR DEBATE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the order of the House of 
January 9, 2024, the Chair will now recognize Members from lists 
submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate.
  The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with time 
equally allocated between the parties and each Member other than the 
majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 
minutes, but in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m.

                          ____________________








[Page H6297]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following 
communication from the Speaker:

                                               Washington, DC,

                                                 December 4, 2024.
       I hereby appoint the Honorable Jake LaTurner to act as 
     Speaker pro tempore on this day.
                                                     Mike Johnson,
     Speaker of the House of Representatives.

                          ____________________








[Page H6297]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

[[Page H6297]]

House of Representatives

  The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro 
tempore (Mr. LaTurner).

                          ____________________








[Pages H6297-H6298]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   HONORING THE LEGACY OF ROSA PARKS

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from 
Alabama (Ms. Sewell) for 5 minutes.
  Ms. SEWELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the legacy of an American 
heroine, Mrs. Rosa Parks, as we observe the 69th anniversary of her 
historic arrest in Montgomery, Alabama.
  On December 1, 1955, Rosa Parks took a bold stand against segregation 
by refusing to give up her seat on a Montgomery bus. Her quiet, 
dignified courage sparked the beginning of the Montgomery Bus Boycott 
and galvanized a movement that changed the very fabric of this Nation.
  Beginning on December 5, and continuing for the next 13 months, 
African Americans in Montgomery, Alabama, brought the city's bus system 
to a screeching halt. Their efforts were successful, resulting in the 
November 1956 Supreme Court decision outlawing racial segregation on 
public buses.
  The changemakers who staged the Montgomery Bus Boycott are a 
testament to the will of a disenfranchised people to take control of 
their own destiny, and their success quickly became the global model 
for nonviolent human rights advocacy.
  Mr. Speaker, 69 years later, as the benefactors of their sacrifices, 
we remain indebted to them for laying the foundation of the continued 
struggle

[[Page H6298]]

for liberty and justice for all. That is why today, I am proud to be 
leading the effort in Congress to designate December 1 as Rosa Parks 
Day to commemorate her historic arrest.

  H.R. 308, the Rosa Parks Day Act, was the very first bill that I 
introduced in the 118th Congress, along with my colleagues, Chairman of 
the CBC,   Steven Horsford of Nevada, and Congresswoman Joyce Beatty of 
Ohio.
  It will help ensure that Rosa Parks' brave sacrifice is never 
forgotten, and it will remind us of the power of ordinary Americans to 
achieve extraordinary social change.
  Moreover, it will become the first Federal holiday in our Nation's 
history to honor a Black woman. Rosa Parks is a true American hero. She 
was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996, the 
Congressional Gold Medal in 1999, and even became the first woman to 
ever lie in state at the U.S. Capitol rotunda.
  Her lifelong work in the fight for equality and justice still 
resonates today. There is no more befitting figure in our Nation's 
history to honor with a new Federal holiday.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 308, 
the Rosa Parks Day Act.

                          ____________________








[Page H6298]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                HONORING COLLIERVILLE MAYOR STAN JOYNER

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
Tennessee (Mr. Kustoff) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. KUSTOFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a lifelong west 
Tennessean, a dedicated public servant, and, frankly, just a good 
friend, Collierville Mayor Stan Joyner.
  Stan Joyner, after 25 years of exemplary public service, has decided 
to retire from public service and pass the torch. Stan Joyner's roots 
run wide and deep in Shelby County. Born and raised in Collierville, 
Tennessee, Stan attended and played football at Collierville High 
School, and still to this day, you can find him in the stands cheering 
on his alma mater.
  Stan Joyner was elected as a Collierville alderman in 1999. In 2008, 
Stan Joyner was elected as the town's mayor. One of Stan Joyner's 
significant achievements as mayor was establishing a municipal school 
system for Collierville. Stan led his community through the formation 
and the development of the Collierville Schools system, the election of 
the first Collierville school board, and the hiring of a Collierville 
Schools superintendent.
  In my opinion, the creation of the Collierville Schools system is one 
of the primary reasons that Collierville is such a desirable place to 
live in Tennessee. Without a doubt, Stan has worked diligently to 
ensure that every child in Collierville has access to an education that 
prepares them for success.
  Stan Joyner has also long understood that people choose where to live 
based on the quality of life that they are going to experience. Now, 
obviously, this depends on the strength of the local schools, which I 
just talked about, the vibrancy of the community, and the opportunities 
for economic growth.
  Under the mayor's leadership, Collierville has seen a boom in local 
business development, as well as economic expansion. Stan's deep 
knowledge of Collierville's past, his commitment to the future, and his 
ability to listen and advise his colleagues make him a trusted leader.
  While I was working on these remarks, Mr. Speaker, I called my good 
friend, Wright Cox, who is also the Chairman of the Collierville school 
board, about how he would sum up Stan Joyner's tenure in Collierville. 
This is what Wright Cox told me: Stan led from the front. He always 
advocated for Collierville. Most importantly, he always fought for the 
needs of Collierville. In my opinion, Stan filled the job description 
flawlessly as mayor of Collierville.
  I think Wright Cox summed it up perfectly.
  Beyond his work in the public sphere, Mayor Joyner is a man of deep 
faith and personal integrity. His strong spirit has guided him as a 
Sunday school teacher in his community.
  Stan's dedication to his family is equally strong. He and his wife, 
Linda, have been married for over 48 years. Together, they have three 
children and are the grandparents of eight grandchildren.
  As he steps down after a distinguished public service career on 
December 18, in about 2 weeks, Collierville is certainly a better place 
to live because of Stan Joyner's service.
  Roberta and I congratulate Stan and Linda on a job well done. We all 
wish them the very best in the next chapter of their lives.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6298-H6299]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                HONORING ROBERT ``BOB'' MYLES HERTZBERG

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
California (Mr. Cardenas) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. CARDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a lifelong community 
leader, a relentless advocate, an effective elected official, a mentor, 
and a genuine good friend. I rise to honor and celebrate the 
contributions of Robert ``Bob'' Myles Hertzberg.
  Bob Hertzberg has dedicated decades of service to the good people of 
the San Fernando Valley, the city of Los Angeles, and the great State 
of California.
  For those who know him best, they would describe Bob as a force of 
nature, a fearless champion for good. One of Harrison Hertzberg's five 
sons, Bob was born in the city of Los Angeles and grew up in Benedict 
Canyon on the city's west side.
  His family would later move eastward to California's desert town of 
Palm Springs, where Bob graduated from Palm Springs High School. Bob 
Hertzberg got a taste of the political bug very early on in life. His 
first job in politics was at the age of 19 where he served as a driver 
for then State Senator Mervyn Dymally, who would later become 
California's Lieutenant Governor in 1974.
  The young Bob Hertzberg forged relationships and supported many of 
the up-and-coming Latino leaders on the east side of Los Angeles, 
people like Gloria Molina, Xavier Becerra, Lucille Roybal-Allard, 
Antonio Villaraigosa, and many other Latino leaders.
  In 1978, Bob graduated magna cum laude from the University of 
Redlands with a bachelor of arts degree in history and English. 
Choosing to follow his father's career path, Bob earned his juris 
doctorate from the University of California, Hastings College of Law in 
the 1979.
  After graduating law school, he spent some formidable years working 
as an associate at a prestigious law firm and later would join his 
father, Harrison, to form the Hertzberg & Hertzberg law firm.
  In 1996, Bob Hertzberg ran for the California State Assembly and won 
that election in the 40th District in the San Fernando Valley.
  Bob and I were elected in 1996 and became colleagues. Bob and I 
represented neighboring districts and had worked together on common 
regional goals. Bob and I ran for California State Assembly speaker, 
and Bob won that election, handily by the way. On April 30, 2000, he 
was unanimously elected by a voice vote as the 64th speaker of the 
California State Assembly.
  In the aftermath of the speaker election, instead of holding a grudge 
toward me, I witnessed firsthand the character of Bob Hertzberg. Much 
to my surprise at the time, Speaker Hertzberg insisted that I serve on 
the powerful and coveted position as chairman of the budget committee. 
Who does that? That is the character of Bob Hertzberg.
  Bob was able to be an effective speaker. He modernized the 
institution. He made sure the budget of California reflected our 
values. He prioritized healthcare for children and seniors.
  He allocated resources for the modernization of California's public 
education systems, and he delivered on transportation projects and 
increased parks and recreation spaces across the State, essentially 
transforming and improving lives of millions of Californians for 
generations to come.
  Bob Hertzberg served the full limit of three terms in the California 
State Assembly. After his tenure as speaker, Hertzberg set out to be a 
clean energy entrepreneur. Bob helped create one of the first solar 
manufacturing companies in Los Angeles and colaunched a company that 
produced inexpensive, lightweight solar panels for use around the 
world.
  In recognition of his clean energy efforts in Rwanda, he received the 
World

[[Page H6299]]

Bank Award for Lighting Africa and the United Kingdom-based Guardian 
Magazine named him one of the ``50 People Who Could Save the Planet.''

                              {time}  1015

  In 2014, Bob returned to elected office when he was again elected to 
represent nearly a million people in the San Fernando Valley in the 
California State Senate.
  Throughout Bob's 14 years in the State legislature, Bob Hertzberg has 
always been a champion for the communities he represented in the San 
Fernando Valley, and he was named One of the Most Influential People in 
Southern California by our hometown paper, the Los Angeles Times. Bob 
was always committed to delivering results for the San Fernando Valley 
and beyond.
  During his tenure in the California State Senate, Bob Hertzberg 
served as majority leader from January 2019 to January 2022.
  Mr. Speaker, Bob Hertzberg is a one-of-a-kind, exceptional person, 
and on behalf of my constituents, the great people of California's 29th 
Congressional District, I thank him for his many years of public 
service and for delivering time and time again for the people of Los 
Angeles and the people of California and by touching the world in the 
most positive way. Once again, I thank my friend.

                          ____________________








[Page H6299]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        RECOGNIZING MICHAEL NUDO

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from 
Arizona (Mrs. Lesko) for 5 minutes.
  Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a member of my 
staff, Michael Nudo, for his dedication and service to the constituents 
of Arizona's Eighth Congressional District.
  Michael Nudo is a U.S. Army veteran who served for 8 years and 
attained the rank of specialist. He joined my staff first as a 
caseworker in my district office before coming to Washington, D.C., to 
serve as a legislative assistant.
  Throughout his time in my office, Michael has shown his dedication to 
the constituents of our district and to me, first by expertly 
navigating their issues with Federal agencies and now by finding 
legislative solutions to pressing problems in our community.
  His commitment and strong work ethic were on display throughout his 
tenure, and I have no doubt he will bring the same to all of his future 
endeavors.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank Michael for his leadership and service to me and 
the Eighth Congressional District. His dedication and determination 
were critical to the success of our office and improved the lives of 
those living in our district.


                        Recognizing Tim O'Neill

  Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a member of my 
staff, Tim O'Neill, for his dedication and service to me and the 
constituents of Arizona's Eighth Congressional District.
  A native of Maine, Tim joined my staff as a legislative assistant and 
has been a key member of our team, handling important issues like 
immigration, COVID, and healthcare throughout the 118th Congress.
  Tim is a steadfast conservative who is always ready to join the fight 
for the values that make our Nation great. His hard work and commitment 
to serving our district and Nation were assets as we navigated 
complicated challenges.
  As I leave Congress, I have no doubt Tim will go on to do great 
things as he continues his public service. I wish Tim nothing but the 
best in all of his future endeavors.


                       Recognizing Ashtyn Rouland

  Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a member of my 
staff, Ashtyn Rouland, for her dedication and service to me and the 
constituents of Arizona's Eighth Congressional District.
  Ashtyn joined my staff as my press assistant. In this role, she 
ensured that our constituents were up to date with all that was 
happening in our offices, both in Arizona and Washington, D.C., through 
our weekly newsletter and frequent social media posts.
  As Members of Congress, we know the importance of communicating our 
work to our constituents, and communication staffers are essential to 
this endeavor.
  I thank Ashtyn for her work and dedication to our team.
  As I leave Congress, I have no doubt Ashtyn will go on to do great 
things. I wish her nothing but the best in all of her future endeavors. 
I appreciate my staff greatly.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6299-H6300]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      RECOGNIZING TANIA BARRICKLO

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. Ryan) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. RYAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the photographer Tania 
Barricklo on her retirement from our local hometown newspaper, the 
newspaper I read growing up as a child, the Daily Freeman, where her 
truly breathtaking work brought the pages to life for 25 years.
  Tania has a wondrous ability to distill the essence of the Hudson 
Valley into every frame. In a single image, she captures entire motions 
and emotions that transport viewers back to the original scene itself.
  Through her work, she has immortalized moments big and small, from 
documenting high-profile events that will go down in our community's 
history books to preserving the game-winning shot for the local high 
school athletes to hold dear for the rest of their lives.
  Tania is a staple in our community, an unwavering and reliable 
presence.
  She and her photographs will be forever intertwined with Kingston and 
Ulster County's history, and I thank her personally and on behalf of 
our entire community for her invaluable contributions to the lives of 
Kingstonians' past, present, and future.
  I wish her the absolute best in her retirement and hope to see her 
very soon on the streets of our great community.


                         Thanking John Lipscomb

  Mr. RYAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank a true pillar of the Hudson 
Valley community, John Lipscomb, for his decades of fierce advocacy for 
our environment and cherished Hudson River, as he retires from his role 
as Riverkeeper's vice president of advocacy and chief patrol boat 
captain.
  John has been sailing the Hudson River since his childhood, and his 
dedication to its care and rehabilitation runs deeper than the depths 
of the river itself.
  Throughout his career, John has sailed infinite miles on that river, 
taken thousands of water samples to inform and advance cleanup efforts, 
and, through his work on documentaries, has introduced thousands of 
others near and far to what we know in the Hudson Valley about our 
river. It is of vital importance, and we have an obligation to its 
keeping and preservation for future generations.
  I wish John the absolute best. He is more than deserving of a restful 
retirement, but I don't expect to see him sitting back anytime soon. I 
am heartened knowing that his passion will not fade, and the Hudson 
River will continue to see him going up and down its shores.


                        Honoring Martha Strever

  Mr. RYAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor New York State's longest 
serving teacher, the inspiring Martha Strever, now in her 64th year 
teaching math to middle school students in the Hudson Valley.
  Martha is the teacher every parent wants for their child. She is 
rooted solely in uplifting the lives of students and empowering them 
through limitless learning.
  Born and raised in Hyde Park, she brought her zeal for teaching to 
the Red Hook Central School District in 1961 and hasn't slowed down for 
a minute since.
  Her impact knows no bounds. She has molded thousands of students--in 
some cases, three generations of students from the same family--into 
high-achieving academics and exemplary Hudson Valley citizens, who have 
in turn passed the lessons from their beloved Ms. Strever on to 
countless others.
  In fact, 30 years ago, she taught a young woman in her math class who 
is now the principal of that school and actually her boss.
  Martha Strever is a true treasure of the Hudson Valley, and I thank 
her for her profound service to our community for 63 years past and for 
more to come. She says she has no plans to leave the classroom anytime 
soon.

[[Page H6300]]

  

                          ____________________








[Page H6300]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





      CONGRATULATING KIWANIS CLUB OF WAYNESBORO ON ITS CENTENNIAL

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
Virginia (Mr. Cline) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. CLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Kiwanis Club 
of Waynesboro as they celebrate their centennial.
  For 100 years, the Waynesboro Kiwanians have shown a deep commitment 
to children in our community. In the 1930s, they sponsored a clinic for 
children in need. During the 1950s, they acquired a campsite that 
hosted many summer activities for local youth, including scouting and 
4-H clubs.
  Today, with 53 members, the Kiwanis Club actively promotes childhood 
literacy by providing books to public schools, hosting eight Little 
Free Libraries, and building a library at the Boys & Girls Clubs. They 
also host an annual Halloween event that brings together over 3,000 
families for a safe celebration.
  In addition, the Kiwanis Club of Waynesboro invests approximately 
$45,000 each year into our community through grants, scholarships, and 
donations to nonprofits.
  Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the Kiwanis Club of Waynesboro on this 
remarkable 100-year milestone. Their dedication truly makes our 
community a better place.


              Congratulating Signal Knob Middle School FFA

  Mr. CLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Signal Knob 
Middle School Future Farmers of America chapter for winning the 
national Middle School Model of Excellence award at the 97th National 
FFA Convention & Expo in Indianapolis. The national Middle School Model 
of Excellence award is given to a chapter that displays the ability to 
grow leaders, build communities, and strengthen agriculture.
  The chapter is led by a Signal Knob teacher and FFA adviser Dakota 
Stroud, who said he is ``ecstatic to have our chapter recognized for 
[the members'] hard work through the school year in creating and 
executing events and activities that benefit our students, school, and 
community.''
  Students Piper Dellinger and Emily Hamrick, who are now freshmen at 
Strasburg High School, represented Signal Knob's FFA chapter and led 
the presentation. They spoke on the many activities and events that the 
Signal Knob FFA chapter participated in during the 2023-2024 school 
year.
  I again congratulate the Signal Knob Middle School FFA chapter for 
excelling in the areas of agriculture and leadership and making the 
Shenandoah Valley proud. I wish the entire chapter the best of luck in 
future endeavors.


       Celebrating 100th Anniversary of Rotary Club of Waynesboro

  Mr. CLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the Rotary Club of 
Waynesboro as they approach their centennial. Chartered in December 
1924, the Waynesboro Rotary Club has dedicated nearly 100 years to 
service.
  They have consistently met over lunch on Tuesdays and have fostered a 
commitment to the community through the Four-Way Test, ensuring their 
initiatives are fair, beneficial, and rooted in truth.
  The club has evolved since the first project of beautifying the 
grounds of the local library. They have helped individuals without 
homes, supported environmental efforts, and provided school supplies, 
often partnering with local organizations to maximize their impact.
  To mark its 100th anniversary, the Rotary Club has teamed up with the 
Central Shenandoah Valley Office on Youth and Waynesboro Parks and 
Recreation to create a traffic playground for children to practice bike 
riding and learn about traffic safety. Many of these children may also 
have the opportunity to receive scholarships from the club, which have 
totaled over $350,000.
  I have no doubt the Rotary Club of Waynesboro will continue their 
vital service. Mr. Speaker, I commend them for their past century and 
wish them continued success in their efforts to prioritize service to 
others.

                              {time}  1030


                 looking forward to the 119th congress

  Mr. CLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address a critical moment in 
our Nation's history.
  The Biden-Harris administration's policies have severely weakened our 
country, putting the American people at risk. From the disastrous 
withdrawal in Afghanistan, resulting in the loss of 13 servicemembers 
and arming the Taliban with our equipment, to compromising our allies' 
energy security by waiving sanctions on Nord Stream 2, this 
administration has consistently failed the American people.
  Allowing $6 billion to flow to Iran, a state sponsor of terrorism, is 
both reckless and dangerous.
  Simultaneously, we see China continuing its human rights abuses while 
our Nation grows increasingly dependent on its supply chains.
  At home, we have seen a Chinese spy balloon surveil sensitive 
military sites, a border crisis that continues to spiral out of 
control, and a fentanyl epidemic devastating our communities.
  Working with the incoming Trump administration, House Republicans are 
ready to lead. We will secure our borders, restore energy independence, 
and prioritize America in foreign policy. We will protect American jobs 
and combat the inflation that is squeezing hardworking families.
  As we enter the 119th Congress, I look forward to working with my 
colleagues to reverse the damage done by the Biden-Harris 
administration and get our country back on track for the American 
people and our future.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6300-H6301]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              HONORING THE LATE COLE WILLIAM SCHMIDTKNECHT

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
Massachusetts (Mr. Auchincloss) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. AUCHINCLOSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the late Cole 
William Schmidtknecht. Born in 2001 in La Crosse, Wisconsin, Cole was a 
22-year-old who, according to his parents, Bil and Shanon, did life on 
his own terms. Cole was known to them as Mr. Independent. As a toddler, 
he walked himself into kindergarten.
  Bil and Shanon said that Cole always stood up for the little guy. 
Growing up, Cole had a love for gaming and enjoyed playing in video 
game tournaments. He had gained a following online on Twitch that he 
shared with many of his gaming friends. His mother, Shanon, said he had 
a lifelong curiosity for knowledge. Cole had an affinity for elephants 
due to their wisdom and kindness and had wanted a tattoo of one on his 
arm.
  Cole had recently moved back to Appleton, Wisconsin, to live with his 
best friend.
  In January of 2024, Cole went to the pharmacy to refill his steroid 
medication for his asthma, a medication he had taken for years.
  A big 3 pharmacy benefit manager had increased the price of Cole's 
daily asthma medication from around $35 to over $500. He was told that 
no generic drug would be covered by his insurance, and Cole was forced 
to choose between his medication and his rent. He chose to pay his 
rent.
  Five days later, Cole suffered a severe asthma attack that led to 
cardiac arrest. On January 21, 2024, Cole passed away.
  These pharmacy benefit managers are the middlemen of drug pricing. 
They are owned by Fortune 20 health insurance companies and are working 
for profit, not patients.
  PBMs claim to negotiate on behalf of employers and patients to lower 
drug costs, but the Federal Trade Commission's July investigation into 
PBM price gouging abuses showed the facts.
  PBMs mark up the cost of drugs by thousands of percent above their 
acquisition cost and have captured $300 billion from the U.S. 
healthcare system. They have invested none of that into research and 
development for new drugs.
  PBMs influence what prescription drugs are available and what they 
cost by mandating patients receive expensive, brand-name drugs when 
cheaper, generic drugs are prescribed and are readily available.
  Now their greed is on full display.
  At the July House Oversight and Accountability Committee hearing, I 
questioned big 3 PBM executives about these markups. I asked CVS 
Caremark President David Joyner, now CEO of CVS Health, why he was 
charging $6,229 for a $16 multiple sclerosis drug. This is a 38,000 
percent markup for lifesaving

[[Page H6301]]

medication. He had no real answer to my questions.
  It doesn't stop there. These exorbitant markups extend to drugs for 
leukemia, prostate cancer, kidney disease, and more.
  At this hearing, I unveiled H.R. 9096, the bipartisan Pharmacists 
Fight Back Act with Diana Harshbarger, a pharmacist. Pharmacists Fight 
Back will stop the most nefarious of PBM price gouging abuses.
  PFB is the most muscular reform ever introduced at the Federal level. 
It will implement a transparent pharmacy reimbursement model using 
market-based pricing benchmarked to the national average drug 
acquisition cost. It will end patient exploitation in Federal 
healthcare plans and impose criminal violations for such behavior. No 
family should suffer the loss of a child from PBM greed.

  Ahead of Thanksgiving, we reached our goal of 50 cosponsors to 
Pharmacists Fight Back, 25 Republicans and 25 Democrats. This is not a 
partisan issue.
  Cole had his whole life ahead of him. Because Cole was forced to 
choose between paying his rent or shelling out hundreds of dollars to 
cover his medication out of pocket for a drug that did not need to be 
that expensive, his family is without their loved one. There is no 
justification for a family facing Thanksgiving without their child. 
Cole's death was preventable.
  Since Cole's passing, Bil and Shanon, who are here today, have fought 
tirelessly for PBM reform. I am grateful for their presence today and 
that they have chosen to tell their story so no other parents 
experience this pain.
  Cole's parents said that Cole walked his own path in life. He was 
known by his loved ones to have deep care and compassion for those whom 
he encountered.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my fellow Members to protect patients like 
Cole and his family and to sponsor H.R. 9096, the Pharmacists Fight 
Back Act. In honor of Cole Schmidtknecht, we will carry forward the 
fight to end the price gouging abuses of pharmacy benefit managers.

                          ____________________








[Page H6301]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                           GOOD SPORTSMANSHIP

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from 
Ohio (Ms. Kaptur) for 5 minutes.
  Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, in the world of sport, my favorite 
discipline has always been women's Olympic figure skating. I have to 
share I still remember way back in the 1990s when I was crestfallen and 
felt betrayed to see the sport reduced in stature after U.S. figure 
skating champion Nancy Kerrigan had physical harm perpetrated against 
her by an opponent on the U.S. team.
  As a young woman, I was perplexed and shocked and, frankly, have 
never fully accommodated that horrific incident that tarnished the 
reputation and standing of the Olympics itself.
  As a lifelong citizen of Ohio, the dean of Ohio's congressional 
delegation, and a grateful graduate of the University of Michigan, 
today, as well, I feel a deep sense of responsibility to speak out on a 
recent degradation of worth in Big Ten football.
  I shuddered this past Saturday at the Michigan-Ohio State football 
game when after the game itself a fracas developed on the field with 
the largest viewing audience of the year. It should have been a moment 
of sterling sportsmanship and national pride. Instead, it devolved into 
adolescent chaos.

  Ohio's and Michigan's traditional rivalry, and it is strong, should 
have elevated our Nation to its best. In past decades and generations 
it has.
  The best among us in sport often rose to higher purpose in life. 
Gerald Ford, from Grands Rapids, Michigan, served as captain of the 
University of Michigan football team. He later became President of the 
United States.
  Even earlier, during the difficult decades of World War II, Jesse 
Owens of Cleveland, Ohio, who had been the finest runner ever on the 
Ohio State track team, led America's Olympic team to Berlin, Germany. 
When he entered that stadium carrying our flag, fascist dictator Adolf 
Hitler, who was sitting in the stands, turned his back on Jesse Owens, 
the greatest male runner in American history.
  It appears last weekend's lack of sportsmanship was not just an 
occurrence in the Ohio State-Michigan game. There also have been brawls 
between Florida and Florida State, North Carolina State and University 
of North Carolina, and Arizona State and the University of Arizona.
  Is this sport?
  America is watching. Our children are watching.
  The Big Ten Conference quickly and justly fined both teams $100,000. 
That is not much in that world.
  That was a useful but small gesture. The universities and athletic 
organizations must investigate and disclose those who initiated these 
violations of sportsmanship and set standards of play.
  They must stop these abuses and must issue full, formal apologies to 
the people of our Nation for disgracing America's finest traditions. 
This moment must become a turning point and recommitment to the values 
that good sportsmanship should teach us: respect, cooperation and team 
spirit, physical and mental discipline, and, yes, good times too.
  This is about more than football games or storied rivalries. Sport is 
about setting an American standard on the field and in the classroom. 
Winning isn't everything, but, as we know, living a life with honor, 
integrity, and respect for others is.

                          ____________________








[Page H6301]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




   RECOGNIZING JANELLE JONES FOR MAKING OUR ROADS SAFER FOR CHILDREN

  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Molinaro). The Chair recognizes the 
gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. Hageman) for 5 minutes.
  Ms. HAGEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the incredible 
strength and resilience of Janelle Jones, a grieving mother who has 
turned her profound loss into a mission to protect others.
  After the tragic loss of her beloved son, Makaili ``Mak'' James 
Evans, to a distracted driver, Janelle has shown extraordinary 
determination in advocating for pedestrian safety. Her courage is a 
testament to her strength and a meaningful way of honoring Mak's 
memory.
  Janelle's advocacy has brought much-needed attention to the 
importance of protecting our children by making our roads safer. Her 
efforts have led to enhanced pedestrian safety measures, including 
improvements at the same intersection where young Mak tragically lost 
his life. Her work serves as both a tribute to her son and a call to 
action for all of us.
  As we remember Mak and others who have lost their lives on our roads, 
let us commit to honoring their memory by taking meaningful steps to 
prevent tragedies like this as we draw inspiration from mothers like 
Janelle.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6301-H6302]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




   MANY THANKS TO THE VILLAGE WHO HAS SUPPORTED ME THESE LAST 2 YEARS

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from 
Illinois (Mrs. Ramirez) for 5 minutes.
  Mrs. RAMIREZ. Mr. Speaker, as we get close to the end of the 118th 
Congress, my first term representing the greatly diverse Illinois Third 
Congressional District, I rise in full gratitude for all of those who 
have supported me and held me during these not-so-easy 2 years in what 
we call the people's House.
  We have heard that it takes a village to represent, to fight, and to 
deliver for our communities. However, recently, 219 Members of this 
body opted to persecute the village, passing a bill that puts all of 
civil society at risk. They took that action at the precise moment we 
should be uplifting and celebrating civil society as the first and most 
resilient line of defense for many vulnerable communities.
  Without a robust civil society, countries can descend into 
instability, their governments becoming more prone to authoritarianism, 
human rights abuses, and the erosion of democratic freedoms.
  While some of my colleagues came to the floor to do harm to civil 
society, I have come to the floor to commend the countless nonprofit 
organizations, faith communities, schools and universities, advocacy 
groups, and cultural institutions that compose the powerful civil 
society of Illinois' Third Congressional District.

[[Page H6302]]

  Since my time as the executive director of a nonprofit in Chicago, I 
have seen community organizations nurture and sustain a healthy 
democracy by providing lifesaving services, including housing and warm 
meals while holding those in power accountable.
  It is clear that strengthening, repairing, and defending our 
democracy is not solely the work of government. It requires the fabric 
of our communities, it requires civil organizations who are weaving 
their work together on the front lines to protect, to defend, and to 
enrich our communities and our neighborhoods.
  Today, I am grateful for faith communities like the member 
institutions of the Logan Square Ecumenical Alliance and DuPage United; 
for community organizations like Onward Neighborhood House, La Casa 
Norte, and Habitat for Humanity DuPage; for schools and universities 
like Northeastern University's El Centro and North Park University; for 
early childhood centers like Educare DuPage and Chicago Commons; for 
human rights advocates like Palenque LSNA and AFIRE; for cultural 
organizations like the National Veterans Art Museum and the Mexican 
Cultural Center of DuPage.
  There are too many strong civil society organizations to name. To the 
many, many civil service organizations across Illinois Third, I want to 
say, ``thank you,'' ``gracias.'' I appreciate the opportunities and 
possibilities they create for our neighbors independent of their ZIP 
Code, independent of their citizenship status or past actions, and the 
way they keep me rooted in a community ready to fight like hell for our 
neighbors.
  As I celebrate the work of civil society, I also want to uplift the 
team that puts in the long hours, that makes so many sacrifices for the 
people of Illinois Third, and who are seldom mentioned and seldom seen 
in public. That team is my staff.
  My staff, who despite the challenges of this Congress and despite a 
Congress that oftentimes negates the humanity of their own family, has 
used their professional and lived experiences to introduce and champion 
transformative and progressive legislation, has pushed the government 
to work for our constituents and deliver resources back to Illinois 
Third, and has ensured our neighbors receive the lifesaving services 
that they deserve.

  To my entire team: Ellen, Luis, Claudia, Karsen, Deepa, Noemi, Jowen, 
Marina, Daniela, Valeria, Kat, Jennifer, Nataly, Vianey, Micaela, 
Magda, Levi, and Rogelio, as well as the countless interns, fellows, 
and past staffers who have supported our work, I say thank you. They 
are seen, they are appreciated, and I am so proud to have worked with 
them in this first term and as we prepare ourselves for the next.
  Through gratitude I find hope. Both the community at home and the 
team I have here in Congress have reminded me that in uncertain times 
one thing is certain: Our communities are prepared to organize, to 
protect each other, and to unite no matter what the next 4 years brings 
us. I am forever grateful and I am ready.

                          ____________________








[Page H6302]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   HONORING THE LEGACY OF BLACK MEDIA

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from 
Texas (Mrs. Lee Carter) for 5 minutes.
  Mrs. LEE CARTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legacy of 
outstanding Black media in the 18th Congressional District in the great 
city of Houston.

                              {time}  1045

  Houston is one of America's most diverse cities, and it has a large, 
vibrant African-American community.
  Black media has always been a critical component in keeping us 
informed, speaking truth to power, honoring unsung heroes, and shedding 
light on racial injustice.
  Associate Justice Felix Frankfurter once said: ``Without a free press 
there can be no free society.''
  I recognize the important contributions of those who have blazed a 
path for us.
  May 2, 1919, Clifton Frederick Richardson, Sr., founded and became 
publisher and editor of the African-American newspaper the Houston 
Informer, which published its first issue a few weeks later. It ran for 
20 years and covered so many critical moments in Houston's history, and 
it continues today through a foundation.
  In 1930, the Houston Defender was founded by Clifton F. Richardson, 
Sr., and he was born after the vestiges of slavery in 1897 in Marshall, 
Texas. He learned the basics of journalism and printing during his 
studies at Bishop College. Today, the proud tradition carries on 
through CEO Sonny Messiah-Jiles, who publishes it weekly and manages a 
vibrant online community.
  The Houston Forward Times was founded in 1960 under the leadership of 
the late founder and publisher Julius P. Carter. Mr. Carter, no 
relation, founded the Forward Times as a means of uniting Black Houston 
to overcome the obstacles that were holding Blacks in the shackles of 
second-class citizenry. Now, his daughter, Karen Carter Richards, 
carries the torch as CEO and publisher.
  The Houston Sun, founded in 1983, was published by Doris Ellis, who 
is still at the helm today. This community newspaper focuses on 
education and historical events in the African-American community.
  Our legacy also continues with the more recently established 
journals, Houston Style magazine and Dee Morris magazine.
  As Houston's Black community continues to grow, our media has grown 
with it, and Black radio became an undeniable influence.
  I celebrate notable institutions, including KTSU, which is now 52 
years old, having been established June 23, 1972, following approval 
from the FCC. KTSU 90.9 emerged as an educational FM radio station at 
Texas Southern University's campus. It is known for its ``Gospel 
Sundays'' that uplifts us all.
  Former general manager of KTSU 90.9 FM for 18 years, George Wilson 
Thomas became a launching platform for ``The Tavis Smiley Show'' and 
other HBCU public radio stations that were soon to follow. It is now 
led by Ernest Walker as he takes it into the next generation of radio.
  KMJQ 102.1, known as Majic 102, is a commercial radio station owned 
and operated by Urban One. Originally founded in 1961, it has had many 
disc jockeys who are now in the Texas Radio Hall of Fame. It also 
partners and is coowned with our urban station, 97.9, KBXX, The Box.
  I salute the legendary radio DJs ``Uncle Funky'' Larry Jones, who has 
had a 50-year career and is in the Texas Radio Hall of Fame, as well as 
Kandi Eastman, who is ``the only Kandi mom wants you to have,'' who is 
a 43-year radio veteran.
  In addition to those, I salute the legendary Don Patrick Samuel, Sr., 
affectionately known as Don Sam, or The Original DS. He began his 
professional career at KYOK Radio in Houston in 1973 and spent 32 years 
at KCOH Radio as director and a radio personality. He was inducted into 
the Texas Radio Hall of Fame in 2018.
  Last but not least, an important name and influence in my growing up 
in Black media is Benjamin Thompson. For over two decades, he has been 
the voice known as the Madd Hatta, a voice of inspiration, 
entertainment, and empowerment. He started in Houston in 1993 and 
ascended to new heights, taking over the morning show on 97.9, the 
``Madd Hatta Morning Show.''
  He is a mentor and an advocate and a community leader who, in 2014, 
was inducted into the Texas Radio Hall of Fame. He continues to be on 
many stations, and you will often see him out and about throughout 
Houston.
  Mr. Speaker, it is my honor today to salute Houston's rich legacy of 
Black media. I commend those who continue to use their voice to express 
the pains, passion, needs, and wants of our community.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6302-H6303]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




IN CELEBRATION OF THE RETIREMENT OF JEFFERSON PARISH COUNCILMAN MARION 
                                EDWARDS

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
Louisiana (Mr. Carter) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. CARTER of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and 
celebrate the remarkable career of my dear friend, Marion Edwards, as 
he prepares to retire from Jefferson Parish Council.
  A proud Louisiana native, born in Monroe, Marion Edwards has 
dedicated

[[Page H6303]]

his life to serving our State with integrity, passion, and a commitment 
to justice. From his role as assistant district attorney of Jefferson 
Parish, to serving as judge of division O of the 24th Judicial District 
Court and chief judge of the Fifth District Circuit Court of Appeals, 
he has worked tirelessly to uphold the principles of fairness and 
equity for the people of Louisiana.
  Marion's service for our State extends to every part of our 
community. He was on the boards of several nonprofit organizations, 
including the board of the Boys & Girls Club, The Salvation Army, Grace 
House of Louisiana, Responsibility House, G-REDI, and the Jefferson 
Parish Community Foundation.
  He has also supported those suffering with substance abuse in our 
State, founding one of the first treatment-based district courts in 
Louisiana and receiving awards, including the Council on Alcohol and 
Drug Abuse Pioneer and Recovery Award of the Office of Addictive 
Disorders Professional Services Award. The compassion he has shown to 
his neighbors in their most difficult moments is a testament to his 
character and serves as a shining example for all of us to follow.

  Through his leadership, compassion, and vision, Councilman Marion 
Edwards has left a lasting mark on Jefferson Parish and our great 
State. His contributions will resonate for generations to come.
  As Marion enters this new chapter of his life, he should know that 
his legacy of service, leadership, and love for community will continue 
to inspire all of us for many, many years to come.
  My dear friend is, in fact, a gentleman, a scholar, and a statesman. 
I congratulate Marion on an extraordinary career and thank him for his 
unwavering dedication to the people of Louisiana and to our country. I 
also thank him for allowing me to call him my friend.

                          ____________________








[Page H6303]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




             HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF KIRK SCHURING

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from 
Ohio (Mrs. Sykes) for 5 minutes.
  Mrs. SYKES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and mourn the 
loss of Ohio State Senator Kirk Schuring, a true advocate and champion 
for the people of Stark County, Ohio.
  Senator Schuring was a dedicated public servant who took great pride 
in serving Stark County for over three decades in the Ohio General 
Assembly as both a member of the house of representatives and the 
senate.
  Senator Schuring held multiple leadership positions during his time 
in the general assembly, including as senate president speaker pro 
tempore, and acting as speaker of the house.
  Among his advocacy was his tireless work to provide the freedom for 
communities to create their own joint economic development districts 
and the creation of the Akron-Canton Metroplex to generate additional 
job opportunities and economic growth in the region.
  I had the honor of working alongside Senator Schuring in the Ohio 
House of Representatives, where I witnessed firsthand his commitment to 
the people of northeast Ohio. Serving with Senator Schuring was a 
pleasure, and he was known as a reliable leader who found a way to work 
across the aisle and in support of his constituents every day.
  As a first-term legislator, Kirk took me under his wing, a Democrat, 
because he was so deeply concerned about the work and did not allow 
partisan politics to get in the way of protecting our communities.
  Notably, Senator Schuring was monumental in helping me pass House 
Bill 1, a bill to protect victims of dating violence. Surely, without 
his leadership, this bill would not have become law.
  Without a doubt, Senator Schuring left a mark on Stark County and the 
State of Ohio. For his outstanding devotion to our community, he earned 
the respect and esteem of many. In the wake of his passing, his 
numerous contributions will not be forgotten.
  Though his presence will be truly missed, his memory will live on 
through those he advocated for and his family, including his wife, 
Darlene; their son, J. Derrick; daughter-in-law, Allison; daughter, 
Kristen; and their six grandchildren, Preston, Parker, Quinn, Owen, 
Everett, and Lucy, whom he loved deeply. Thus, with deepest sympathy, I 
pay tribute to a truly phenomenal individual, Senator Kirk Schuring.


         Congratulating Senator Vernon Sykes on His Retirement

  Mrs. SYKES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of a truly 
dedicated and true public servant, Ohio State Senator Vernon Sykes, the 
ultimate statesman, who is retiring from the Ohio General Assembly.
  As the Member of Congress representing Ohio's 13th Congressional 
District, but most importantly as his daughter, it is my privilege to 
congratulate Senator Sykes on a distinguished career and extend my 
sincere gratitude for all that he has done for the people of Akron and 
the State of Ohio for his nearly 50 years in public service.
  Senator Sykes' career as a legislator began in 1980 when he was 
appointed as the Ward 3 Councilmember in the city of Akron. In 1983, he 
was then appointed to the Ohio State House, becoming the first Black 
person to represent Summit County in the Ohio General Assembly. He 
would eventually serve as the chair of the Ohio House Finance & 
Appropriations Committee, in the Ohio State Senate as the co-chair of 
the Ohio Redistricting Commission, and as a professor emeritus of 
political science and former director of the Columbus Program in State 
Issues at Kent State University.
  Go Flashes.
  In the legislature, he became a champion for early education, 
criminal justice reform, economic development, and so much more. 
Notably, Senator Sykes passed the toughest fair housing law in the 
country, the State of Ohio's first legislation to compensate the 
wrongfully imprisoned, and was the lead sponsor of two constitutional 
amendments to end the scourge of gerrymandering in Ohio that were 
approved by over 70 percent of the voters.
  During his time in public office, Senator Sykes championed the people 
of our community, and he is the example of true selfless public 
service. He has always put the people of our community first, and his 
deep desire to serve his community is an inspiration to all who have 
had the opportunity to experience his passion for people and for public 
service.
  For his advocacy, Senator Sykes has earned numerous awards and 
accolades, including the Public Elected Official of the Year Award; the 
Champion for Working Families from Ohio AFL-CIO; alumni awards from his 
alma maters, the University of Akron, as well as Ohio University.
  My father is one of the main reasons I am standing here on the House 
floor today. He and my mother, who is also a public servant, taught me 
the value of hard work from a young age and equipped me with constant 
support and encouragement.
  Mr. Speaker, today Senator Sykes is giving his farewell speech in the 
Ohio Senate, and I can't be there because of scheduled votes today, so 
I am doing the next best thing and giving him his flowers on the floor 
of the United States House of Representatives as a symbol of his legacy 
to the city of Akron, Summit and Portage Counties, the State of Ohio, 
the United States of America, and the entire global community.
  It is not often elected leaders can brag about such impactful and 
prominent careers. Senator Sykes can, but he won't because he is simply 
too humble to do so. Thus, I am doing it for him.
  Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Ohio's 13th Congressional District, I 
congratulate and thank Senator Vernon Sykes, my dad, on a storied 
career as a legislator at the State and local level and for over 40 
years of outstanding service and devotion to our community.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6303-H6304]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                           FLORIDA BOOK BANS

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
Rhode Island (Mr. Magaziner) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. MAGAZINER. Mr. Speaker, Kurt Vonnegut, Toni Morrison, and Stephen 
King are just a few of the authors whose books have been banned from 
Florida public school libraries because of the censorship laws passed 
by extreme Republican politicians.

[[Page H6304]]

  President Eisenhower once warned: ``Don't join the book burners.'' 
``Don't be afraid to go in your library and read every book.''
  According to the Florida Department of Education, more than 700 books 
were banned from libraries in public school districts last year after 
Governor Ron DeSantis signed Florida's extreme book ban law.

                              {time}  1100

  There is nothing Americans hate more than politicians who want to 
take away their freedoms.
  Yet Republican politicians want to take away the freedom of women to 
get an abortion. They want to take away the freedom of gay and lesbian 
Americans to marry their partners. Now, they want to take away freedom 
at the library.
  Banning books is not just an attack on personal freedom. It is an 
attack on American values that we all believe in. People of all ages 
ought to be able to access the world of knowledge that comes from 
reading, including from those books that some may find controversial. 
Reading controversial books is part of how we challenge ourselves and 
each other to grow and strive and to create.
  Book banners will claim that their goal is to protect people, but 
what they really want is to control people. That is not America.
  ``Having the freedom to read and the freedom to choose [what to read] 
is one of the best gifts my parents ever gave me,'' said children's 
author Judy Blume, another author whose name appears on the book ban 
list.
  We must reclaim the freedom to read from the extreme politicians 
trying to turn back the clock for our kids, our country, and our 
future.

                          ____________________








[Page H6304]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1200
                              AFTER RECESS

  The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the 
Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Bost) at noon.

                          ____________________








[Page H6304]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                                 RECESS

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the 
Chair declares the House in recess until noon today.
  Accordingly (at 11 o'clock and 6 minutes a.m.), the House stood in 
recess.

                          ____________________








[Page H6304]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




        50 YEARS OF PROGRESS CANNOT ERASE 250 YEARS OF SUFFERING

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. Jackson) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. JACKSON of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, in February 1967, the Reverend 
Martin Luther King, Jr., wrote his famous book, ``Where Do We Go From 
Here.''
  In that book, he pondered upon the question of whether or not America 
was prepared to choose community over chaos; whether this Nation, so 
long protected by the crosswinds of two oceans, was finally prepared to 
rid itself of the impediments of bitterness and hatred; or whether the 
malignant sicknesses of racism and sexism were so intrinsic and 
interwoven into the American fabric that we would never be able to rid 
ourselves of it.
  Today, Mr. Speaker, I submit to all of my colleagues that this 
question is still before us. That is to say, some 60 years later, we 
are still trying to decide who we are as a country.
  Sixty years after the historic Civil Rights and Voting Rights Acts, 
we are still trying to figure out if everyone still should have a vote 
that counts. We are still trying to determine if we will choose 
progress over regression, tomorrow over yesterday, truth over 
falsehood. In spite of the gains of the civil rights movement, the 
answer to these questions remains profoundly unclear.
  In the words of Charles Dickens, we are living in the best of times 
and the worst of times, the age of wisdom and the age of foolishness.
  After the last Presidential election in November, there are millions 
of Americans wondering if this country will ever come to know the 
things that make for peace.
  I rise today because I fear that this Nation is on the precipice of 
the greatest rollback of civil rights since the end of Reconstruction 
in 1890.
  I rise today because there are too many of my colleagues, in addition 
to too many people in America, who have no problem with rolling back 
the rights of the weakest and most vulnerable among us.
  Given the long and meandering history of this Republic, there ought 
to be unanimous consent when it comes to ensuring that the people who 
have been systematically excluded from the American Dream are 
continually included in the future of American progress and prosperity. 
Sadly, that is not the case.
  Whole segments of this society have arbitrarily decided that they 
have the omnipotent right to determine when there are too many Black 
people in boardrooms, as we saw on June 29, 2023, with the elimination 
of the affirmative action programs.
  As a consequence, there are fewer African Americans in dental school. 
There are fewer African Americans in law school. There are fewer 
African Americans attending some of the most prestigious universities.
  Some people have arbitrarily determined that African Americans 
enrolled in these selective universities is too much, as determined by 
the actions of the Students for Fair Admissions authored by Mr. Blum, 
or too many Black businesses finally being included in the procurement 
of government contracts and management opportunities is too much.
  It pains me to have to remind the leaders of this country that a 
nation suffering from the sickness of racism for 250 years cannot stop 
taking its medicine. It needs to make sure that the cancer does not 
return.
  Fifty years of progress cannot erase 250 years of suffering, and the 
suffering of which I speak is not limited to the African-American 
community but rather is located in the very soul of America. I am 
talking about those that are without jobs in Appalachia. I am talking 
about the life expectancy of Caucasian women in rural America.

  We need to enforce and strengthen civil rights. Civilian rights are 
key to the growth of America, but let us never forget that hatred 
destroys the host more than it devastates the object of its belligerent 
contempt.
  I say to all of my colleagues today: America needs diversity, equity, 
and inclusion more than Black people do. I say that because, even if 
the prognosticators are right that the last election was about 
economics, then that simply means that millions of people in this 
country were willing to sublimate the moral authority of their 
conscience because of the price of chicken.
  Mr. Speaker, that is just as terrifying a reality as is the prospect 
of racism and sexism being the driving cause.
  I think sometimes we forget that the policies we enshrine have real 
effects on the lives of people. I know in my district, the First 
Congressional District of Illinois, the incoming administration's 
promised attack on affirmative action, diversity, equity, and inclusion 
will mean that thousands of people on the south side of Chicago, the 
inner cities of America, and the suburban and rural parts of our 
country will not be able to provide for their families.
  It won't matter to them what the price of chicken is because, no 
matter the price, everything is too expensive when your income 
disappears and your income is stagnant.
  In spite of the differences between the two parties, let us never 
forget that there are still millions of people in this country who 
cannot afford to pay their rent, who cannot afford hospitalization, who 
cannot afford to pay their mortgages, who find rents out of control, 
whose wages have not changed, and who are struggling to give their 
children a better life, a better country, and a better future. By 
better, I mean a more ethical society in which to grow old.
  Mr. Speaker, let us do whatever we must to build up what others are 
determined to tear down. Let us do whatever we can to hold up the 
light. Let us keep the dream alive.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6304-H6305]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                                 PRAYER

  The Chaplain, the Reverend Margaret Grun Kibben, offered the 
following prayer:
  Gracious and generous God, prepare our hearts and minds to receive 
all that You provide, both seen and unseen, in the days that lay ahead 
of us.

[[Page H6305]]

  You have opened wide doors of opportunities for us to make a 
difference in this place, our communities, and our world. May we walk 
through those doors with confidence and with firm conviction, and may 
we glorify You in our work today.
  When those moments prove challenging, when adversaries attempt to 
thwart our efforts to serve as vessels for the goodness, hope, love, 
and peace You have poured into us, may we stand firm in our faith. May 
our lives in the face of all trials serve as a testament to Your mercy 
and grace.
  We entrust this day our deliberations and our discussions into Your 
care, sure of Your steadfast love and emboldened by Your abiding 
presence.
  In Your sovereign name we pray.
  Amen.

                          ____________________








[Page H6305]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     CELEBRATING PETER J. WESTBROOK

  (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life and legacy 
of a trailblazing Olympic fencer, Peter J. Westbrook, who unfortunately 
passed away this weekend.
  To keep her son off the tumultuous streets of 1967 Newark, Peter 
Westbrook's mother, Mariko, enrolled him in fencing class, where his 
natural talents were fully realized.
  In 1984, he became the first Black American to win an Olympic bronze 
medal in fencing. Throughout his career, he won countless competitions 
and is recognized by many athletic halls of fame.
  One of his greatest achievements, Mr. Speaker, was the opening of the 
Peter Westbrook Foundation, which allowed him to introduce Black and 
Latino youth to the fencing world, including my own family, which was 
touched by him. The foundation provides fencing lessons, academic 
assistance, and opportunities for marginalized youth.
  The foundation has produced seven Olympians. Just this year, Lauren 
Scruggs, a foundation alum, made history by becoming the first Black 
woman to win a gold medal in the Olympics in fencing.
  Peter Westbrook left an incredible legacy in the fencing world. He 
was an icon and trailblazer and changed the lives of countless youth. 
He will always be remembered in my household, New York City, and the 
country.

                          ____________________








[Page H6305]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       RECOGNIZING ERNEST TOPNESS

  (Mrs. HINSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 
1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.)
  Mrs. HINSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Ernest 
Topness for his distinguished and impactful career serving both our 
Nation and the people of Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
  Mr. Topness, known by many as Ernie, first joined the United States 
Postal Service in 1959 after serving in the U.S. Army during the Korean 
war.
  Ernie delivered mail in Cedar Rapids for 65 years, making connections 
and building friendships with those on his route.
  Ernie's dedication is unmatched. When others would sit out on a snow 
day or call in sick, he was always known to actually show up.
  At the age of 91, Ernie recently retired as the second longest 
serving mail carrier in the United States.
  Mr. Speaker, Mr. Topness' legacy is one of unwavering dedication and 
inspiring service. We wish him all the best in his well-deserved 
retirement.

                          ____________________








[Page H6305]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                             END HUNGER NOW

  (Mr. McGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 
1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, under the leadership of Food Service 
Director Kirsten Nelson, the Acton-Boxborough Regional School District 
is proving that school meals can be local, nutritious, and delicious.
  Last month, I joined school leaders, State and local officials, and 
food hub staff at Acton-Boxborough High School in my home State of 
Massachusetts to learn more about the nutritious meals being prepared 
for students using local produce.
  With the support of Federal funding through the Farm to School 
Program, the district is utilizing nearby food hubs to purchase fruits 
and vegetables from local farmers. Our State's universal meal program 
has been key to improving school meal offerings and expanding access to 
local produce for all students.
  I tried the curry cauliflower, and it was delicious. I talked with 
some of the students, who told me they have taught their parents 
recipes from school lunches.
  This partnership should serve as inspiration for all of us to 
continue our work to improve school food, strengthen food systems, and 
end hunger now.

                          ____________________








[Page H6305]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




            HONORING SHERIFF JOE CHAPMAN UPON HIS RETIREMENT

  (Mr. COLLINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 
1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. COLLINS. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to recognize and honor the 
retirement of Walton County Sheriff Joe Chapman.
  Starting out as a beat cop, spending every day on the front lines 
keeping our community safe, to serving as Walton County sheriff, Joe 
Chapman has dedicated the last 40 years of his life to bringing no 
excuses, commonsense law enforcement to Walton County.
  There is a sign above Sheriff Chapman's door that reads, ``I hate 
excuses,'' and that is exactly how he operates. He is a true servant 
leader, a pillar to the community, and a mentor to the next generation 
of Georgia law enforcement.
  In addition to being one of the most respected and admired lawmen in 
Georgia, Sheriff Chapman is a Marine Corps and Georgia Army National 
Guard veteran and a commissioner for the Sheriff's Retirement Fund of 
Georgia.
  Sheriff Chapman's legacy and impact on Walton County will not be soon 
forgotten. I want to express my gratitude to Sheriff Chapman for his 
selfless work over these last 20 years. On behalf of Georgia's 10th 
Congressional District, I thank him for his service. I wish him a 
happy, healthy, and safe retirement. He has certainly earned it.

                          ____________________








[Page H6305]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 requests 
for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle.

                          ____________________








[Page H6305]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs. Hinson) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance.
  Mrs. HINSON led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows:

       I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of 
     America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation 
     under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.

                          ____________________








[Page H6305]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              THE JOURNAL

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the 
last day's proceedings and announces to the House the approval thereof.
  Pursuant to clause 1 of rule I, the Journal stands approved.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6305-H6306]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       REMEMBERING STANLEY KLEIN

  (Mr. MILLER of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. MILLER of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of 
Stanley Klein, a beloved husband, father, grandfather, and 
entrepreneur. Stanley leaves behind a legacy of love, integrity, and 
innovation.
  Born on July 20, 1942, Stanley graduated from Allderdice High School 
in 1960 and joined the Army. After the Army, Stanley attended 
Youngstown State College in Ohio and thereafter met his late first 
wife, Terry.
  Stanley and his father-in-law, Irving Stern, went into business 
together and founded Multi-Flow Dispensers of Ohio. Stanley grew Multi-
Flow into the dominant soft drink and beverage dispensing business for 
bars, restaurants, and taverns throughout north and central Ohio.
  Stanley was married to his wife, Laura, for more than 44 years. He 
cherished every moment spent with his

[[Page H6306]]

family, especially his grandchildren, who were the light of his life.
  Mr. Klein will be dearly missed, but his spirit will live on in the 
hearts of all who knew him.

                          ____________________








[Page H6306]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                  CALIFORNIA VOTERS ARE CLEAR ON CRIME

  (Mr. LaMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 
1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. LaMALFA. Mr. Speaker, California voters have made it very clear. 
They are tired of the unchecked crime and soft-on-crime policies that 
have plagued our State for years.
  With over 68 percent voting to strengthen penalties through 
Proposition 36 that just recently passed, the message couldn't be 
louder: Enough is enough.
  What are California Democrats doing? Instead of focusing on this 
overwhelming mandate to restore public safety, they are pouring their 
energy into Trump-proofing California, an obsession with political 
theater while crime continues to rise and neighborhoods feel less safe.
  Their so-called legislative solutions are more about optics than 
outcomes.
  The voters wanted more action, but Democrats are too busy spinning 
excuses about pendulums and alternatives to incarceration to deliver 
real actual results.
  Californians aren't asking for extreme swings. They are asking for 
accountability.
  The people voted to reverse the disastrous criminal justice policies 
of the past. They want true action.
  Sacramento Democrats need to stop ignoring that and wasting money on 
other things, like trying to stop an agenda here that will make the 
prices of food and energy go down and help their own citizens.
  Enough with the distractions. Enough with the games. Let's get 
serious.

                          ____________________








[Page H6306]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       CONGRESS MUST HELP FARMERS

  (Mr. DAVIS of North Carolina asked and was given permission to 
address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. DAVIS of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, farmers across North 
Carolina have had extreme difficulty, especially over the past 2 years, 
due to increased input costs and lower prices for their crops and 
products.
  Drought withered tobacco, corn, and other crops across eastern North 
Carolina, and farmers are still struggling after Hurricane Helene.
  If that is not enough, our farmers have fed the American people for 
Thanksgiving, and in return, they received the new Adverse Effect Wage 
Rate for 2025. In North Carolina, we are talking about an increase of 
2.17 percent.
  Mr. Speaker, too many are hurting trying to find out how to keep 
their family farms operating.
  Agriculture is North Carolina's leading industry. We must help our 
farmers.
  I urge Congress to address the immediate need for disaster assistance 
for our agricultural community in North Carolina and to hit pause on 
the Adverse Effect Wage Rate.

                          ____________________








[Page H6306]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        HONORING WILLIAM STEINER

  (Mr. CORREA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute.)
  Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of 
my good friend, Orange County Supervisor Bill Steiner.
  Bill was a valued neighbor, constituent, and leader in Orange County 
whose work directly impacted the lives of so many in our community. As 
an Orange city councilmember and Orange County supervisor, he dedicated 
his life to serving others.
  Out of the many issues Bill championed, his passion was child welfare 
advocacy. His work was the driving force behind the creation of the 
Orange County Orangewood Children's Home.
  Today, Bill's 5 children and 16 grandchildren help keep his memory 
alive.
  Mr. Speaker, we thank Bill for a lifetime of work for our community 
and for his leadership. He will never be forgotten.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6306-H6312]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5349, CRUCIAL COMMUNISM TEACHING 
ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 7198, PROVE IT ACT OF 2024

  Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I 
call up House Resolution 1602 and ask for its immediate consideration.
  The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:

                              H. Res. 1602

         Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall 
     be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 5349) to 
     develop and disseminate a civic education curriculum and oral 
     history resources regarding certain political ideologies, and 
     for other purposes. All points of order against consideration 
     of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a 
     substitute recommended by the Committee on Education and the 
     Workforce now printed in the bill shall be considered as 
     adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. 
     All points of order against provisions in the bill, as 
     amended, are waived. The previous question shall be 
     considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any 
     further amendment thereto, to final passage without 
     intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally 
     divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority 
     member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce or 
     their respective designees; (2) the further amendment printed 
     in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules 
     accompanying this resolution, if offered by the Member 
     designated in the report, which shall be in order without 
     intervention of any point of order, shall be considered as 
     read, shall be separately debatable for the time specified in 
     the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent 
     and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for 
     division of the question; and (3) one motion to recommit.
         Sec. 2.  Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in 
     order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 7198) to amend 
     title 5, United States Code, to require greater transparency 
     for Federal regulatory decisions that impact small 
     businesses, and for other purposes. All points of order 
     against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment 
     in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on 
     the Judiciary now printed in the bill shall be considered as 
     adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. 
     All points of order against provisions in the bill, as 
     amended, are waived. The previous question shall be 
     considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any 
     further amendment thereto, to final passage without 
     intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally 
     divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority 
     member of the Committee on the Judiciary or their respective 
     designees; (2) the further amendment printed in part B of the 
     report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this 
     resolution, if offered by the Member designated in the 
     report, which shall be in order without intervention of any 
     point of order, shall be considered as read, shall be 
     separately debatable for the time specified in the report 
     equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an 
     opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for division 
     of the question; and (3) one motion to recommit.

                              {time}  1215

  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Bost). The gentleman from Texas is 
recognized for 1 hour.
  Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the 
customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. 
McGovern), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the 
purpose of debate only.


                             General Leave

  Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Texas?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, last night, the House Committee on Rules 
met to report House Resolution 1602, providing for consideration of two 
pieces of legislation.
  First, the rule provides for consideration of H.R. 5349, the Crucial 
Communism Teaching Act, under a structured rule, with 1 hour of debate 
equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking minority 
member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. It also 
provides for one motion to recommit.
  Second, the rule provides for consideration of H.R. 7198, the Prove 
It Act, under a structured rule, with 1 hour of debate equally divided 
and controlled by the chair and ranking minority

[[Page H6307]]

member of the Committee on the Judiciary. It also provides one motion 
to recommit.
  Mr. Speaker, a report recently found that nearly one-half of Gen Z 
students are unaware that the Chinese Communist Party is responsible 
for more deaths than Nazi Germany. One-quarter of Gen Z students holds 
a favorable opinion of communism, and nearly 20 percent think that 
communism is a better system of government than capitalism.
  Further, roughly 500 million copies of ``The Communist Manifesto'' 
have been sold since 1848, more than three times as many as ``The Lord 
of the Rings,'' and more than twice as many as ``A Tale of Two 
Cities.'' The ignorance is stunning given one-fifth of the world's 
population, over 1 billion people, lives under Communist control. Our 
youngest generations' view of communism is a failure of our educational 
system.
  The Crucial Communism Teaching Act bolsters the Victims of Communism 
Memorial Foundation's ability to educate high school students on the 
facts, history, and dangers of communist ideology. According to the 
foundation, Communist governments have caused the deaths of over 100 
million people and oppressed hundreds of millions more since the 
Bolshevik Revolution of 1917. I hope this body continues to show 
strong, bipartisan support for this important piece of legislation.
  The second bill under consideration is the Prove It Act, which 
continues House Republicans' efforts to rightsize the Federal 
Government and eliminate unnecessary burdens on our job creators. For 
too long, Federal regulators have ignored or underestimated the cost 
that they impose on small businesses. The result is a regulatory state 
that is simply crushing small businesses.
  Some estimates put the regulatory toll as high as $14,000 per 
employee annually. This is on top of the cost of inflation, supply 
chain issues, energy unaffordability, and other burdens that the Biden-
Harris administration has inflicted on our communities and our 
livelihoods.
  Today, small businesses spend over seven times as much per employee 
as medium-sized businesses on regulatory compliance. When we 
disadvantage our small businesses, Communist governments like China 
fill the void with their own.
  The Prove It Act will empower small businesses to hold regulators 
accountable and force them to consider the impact of the regulatory red 
tape that they impose. This commonsense legislation makes certain that 
agencies are complying with their statutory obligations and accurately 
account for the costs of their rulemaking.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the 
underlying bills, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for 
yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I 
may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, today we are debating two bills that perfectly show who 
Republicans in Congress really work for, and, spoiler alert, it is not 
the American people. We are here today doing nothing to help regular 
people and families. Republicans just have us debating a bill to 
undercut our constituents' safety and a useless bill on communism.
  One of these bills I call the corporate giveaway act. It will give 
massive trade associations the power to gut the very protections that 
keep workers safe, prevent kids from being poisoned by polluted air and 
water, and ensure that corporations don't cut corners on safety.
  Republicans say this is all about freedom, but the only people who 
get more freedom under this bill are CEOs flying on private jets while 
the rest of us are stuck dealing with higher prices and unsafe 
products. If you are a billionaire, Mr. Speaker, then this bill works 
for you. If you are a mom or dad in Worcester, Massachusetts, where I 
am from, working two jobs to pay for rent and childcare, then this bill 
doesn't do anything for you. It sells you out.
  Then there is H.R. 5349. Now, I guess the Republicans want us to 
spend time debating whether high school students should be taught that 
communism is bad. The last time I checked, most schools already do 
that, and I say that as a brother of two teachers, by the way. I 
actually read the bill, and I want to let everyone in on a little 
secret about their bill, a bill which claims to be about teaching kids 
about bad political ideologies.
  Guess what, Mr. Speaker. They left out a really, really, really bad 
one. Here is a hint: It is what Adolf Hitler implemented in Germany and 
what Americans fought and died for to defeat in World War II. It is an 
ideology that idolizes racial purity and uses violence to suppress 
those who disagree. It is called fascism. For some reason, Republicans 
did not want to include it in their bill. I would love an answer as to 
why.

  Can any of them tell me why they don't want to teach kids that 
fascism is bad?
  Does anyone at all?
  The silence is deafening right now, Mr. Speaker.
  Let me help them out: Communism is bad, totalitarianism is bad, and 
fascism is bad.
  Do you see how easy that is, Mr. Speaker?
  All they had to do was put it in their bill, but they didn't and they 
won't because they feel they can't.
  It is no oversight, by the way. I personally offered an amendment by 
Ranking Member Scott to include fascism as one of the ideologies we 
condemn, and they rejected it. Every single one of the Republicans in 
the Rules Committee, every single one, voted ``no.''
  I can't think of a reason that they would do that, unless they don't 
agree and unless they don't think that fascism is a bad thing. My 
friends on the other side of the aisle literally take my breath away.
  Mr. Speaker, I am going to say this again: Americans voted with their 
wallets in mind, and I don't blame them, but I do blame Republican 
leaders for bringing up this nonsense.
  I go out in my district, and I listen to people.
  Do you know what, Mr. Speaker?
  They don't want to be talked down to by Republican leaders lecturing 
them about communism or telling us how to teach our kids. They want 
leaders who understand problems, leaders who understand we are not sent 
here to talk at people. We are sent here to work with them to make this 
country a better place.
  On our side of the aisle, we are listening to the struggles of 
working families, and we are going to fight alongside of them.
  Washington hasn't always worked the way it should, but we are 
committed to doing better because people in this country deserve 
better. That means lower costs, bigger paychecks, and building an 
economy that rewards hard work, not wealth. That is a fight that my 
colleagues and I will never ever stop showing up for.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues, and I plead with Republicans: 
Please, please, let's focus on the real challenges facing all of us as 
Americans.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from 
Missouri (Mr. Alford).
  Mr. ALFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for this opportunity.
  Mr. Speaker, in the words of Yogi Berra, this is like deja vu all 
over again. It was just last year that I was here in this very spot 
debating the ranking member over the evils of socialism, and now we 
have graduated to communism.
  I rise today, Mr. Speaker, in strong support of my colleague, 
Congresswoman Salazar's, bill, H.R. 5349, the Crucial Communism 
Teaching Act.
  Communism has a dark and dangerous history of political violence, 
oppression, and abuse that continues to be swept under the rug by 
foreign actors infiltrating the American education systems.
  From the Soviet Union, Cuba, China, and beyond, communist regimes 
consistently demonstrate a callous disregard for human life and 
dignity.
  The Chinese Communist Party is actively trying to dismantle American 
classrooms and cover up the atrocities of past regimes in K-12 schools 
and college campuses.
  More than 500 K-12 schools across our Nation have allowed the CCP to 
creep into school hallways, making its way into our children's 
curriculums under the disguise of Confucius Classrooms.

[[Page H6308]]

  Make no mistake, Mr. Speaker. This is not education. This is 
indoctrination.
  Nearly one-fifth of the world's population is still under this 
oppressive system of government, yet our youth are being manipulated to 
blindly follow this corrosive influence of communism.
  It should be alarming to our friend from Massachusetts and to every 
person in America, especially parents, that 28 percent of Gen Z hold a 
favorable view of the term ``communism.'' Nineteen percent of Gen Z are 
favoring dictatorship as the best political system.
  It is no surprise communism's modern-day manifestation, TikTok, with 
Communist-backed owners, holds influence over Gen Z.
  We cannot allow our schools to become breeding grounds for Communist 
and Marxist ideologies and anti-American sentiment, Mr. Speaker. As 
President Reagan once said: ``Freedom is only one generation away from 
extinction.''
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defend our Nation's values, 
reject the forces of oppression, and protect our children by supporting 
H.R. 5349.
  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, right before the gentleman spoke, I asked the question: 
Can anybody explain to me why fascism wasn't included in this bill as 
one of the ideologies that we should teach our young people is a bad 
thing?
  The gentleman who just spoke went on for 4 minutes and never once 
answered that question.
  The reality is that yes, communism is bad, totalitarianism is bad, 
and so is fascism, and we see fascist movements growing up and 
springing up all over the world, including in this country, and my 
friends on the other side of the aisle can't bring themselves to 
condemn it.
  I don't understand this.
  Does anyone remember World War II?
  It seems that, for whatever reason, that is something that my friends 
can't seem to recall.
  That is the point here. It is what you omit, Mr. Speaker. It is what 
you choose to protect and not include in this bill that is so 
disturbing in my mind.

                              {time}  1230

  Mr. Speaker, I urge that we defeat the previous question. If we do, I 
will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 12, a bill that 
would ensure that every American has full access to essential 
reproductive healthcare, including abortion care.
  In this country, the United States of America, we now have States 
with almost complete bans on abortions, like the State of Idaho. Just 
this week, a circuit court upheld an ``abortion trafficking'' law, 
ensuring that anyone in Idaho who accompanies a young woman to receive 
abortion care in another State gets a prison sentence.
  Thank God the judge will allow people in Idaho to simply talk with 
pregnant minors about abortion healthcare, which the original law 
prohibited.
  This is where women in this country now find themselves, Mr. Speaker, 
but that is why House Democrats are fighting to protect women and 
doctors who simply want access and the ability to provide needed care. 
H.R. 12, the Women's Health Protection Act, will keep fundamental 
healthcare services available across this country.
  What is happening in some States in this country is offensive. It is 
dangerous. Women are dying because of these overly oppressive 
Republican-led laws that are being put into place.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my 
amendment into the Record along with extraneous material immediately 
prior to the vote on the previous question.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Massachusetts?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Texas (Ms. Lee Carter), one of our newest Members of the House, to 
discuss our proposal.
  Mrs. LEE CARTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, I think one of the best ways to protect children is to 
protect their mothers, and so I rise to speak on H.R. 12, the Women's 
Health Protection Act, a critical piece of legislation that we should 
be considering during these increasingly dangerous and tumultuous times 
for women and their reproductive healthcare.
  There has never been a more appropriate time to discuss a woman's 
right to choose than today. Simply, but most impactful for our 
generation, the Women's Health Protection Act will reestablish a 
nationwide right to abortion in the United States.
  The WHPA would create a statutory right for healthcare providers to 
provide abortion care and a right for their patients to receive the 
care free from bans and restrictions that single out abortion and 
impede access. It will save lives.
  Reproductive rights have been constantly at risk since Roe v. Wade 
became the law of the land almost 50 years ago, but never have they 
been in jeopardy as much as they are in these current times. In the 
wake of the decision in Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization, 
State restrictions and new limits or bans on abortion fractured women's 
healthcare access and dramatically affected the ability of providers to 
treat pregnancy complications.
  With the overturning of Roe v. Wade, the Supreme Court has taken away 
the constitutional right to abortion, leaving millions without access 
to care due to restrictive and deadly State abortion bans.
  In my home State of Texas, we have seen horrific cases of women being 
denied access to care. In fact, Texas is now ranked the second worst 
State in the Nation for women with health issues, according to research 
conducted by the Commonwealth Fund.
  The Commonwealth Fund developed the first-ever State scorecard to 
track trends in women's health over time and documents how policy 
choices and judicial decisions may impact women's access to timely 
healthcare.
  The data came from sources including the Centers for Disease Control 
and Prevention and evaluated States on 32 metrics across 3 areas: 
health outcomes; healthcare quality and prevention; and coverage, 
access, and affordability.
  Texas ranked last in the country on healthcare coverage, access, and 
affordability for women according to the fund. The number of Texans 
seeking an abortion out of State more than quadrupled between 2021 and 
2023, after a State law went into effect that banned the procedure in 
almost all cases.
  Data from our own Texas Health and Human Services Commission shows at 
least 7,844 Texas residents received an abortion in a different State 
in 2023, up from 4,718 in 2022, and over 1,700 in 2021.
  Still, the total abortions for Texas residents dropped by 85 percent 
compared to 2021. In 2023, just 62 abortions were reported in Texas, 
all due to medical emergency and/or to preserve the health of the 
mother. Between January of this year and June of 2024, 38 abortions 
were performed in the State.
  Every day without congressional action means more people are being 
denied their human right to abortion. We need a Federal legislative 
solution. WHPA is the solution.
  We must all continue to work together toward a future where all of us 
are free to make the personal decisions that shape our lives, our 
futures, and our families without political interference.
  As we know and have seen, those hurt the most by abortion 
restrictions are those who already face discriminatory barriers to 
accessing healthcare, particularly Black, Indigenous, Hispanic, Asian-
American, Pacific Islander, and other people of color; women; and those 
working to make ends meet, especially those in my district.
  Ensuring access to abortion care is central to the pursuit of 
reproductive justice and the human rights to maintain bodily autonomy 
and live in safe and sustainable communities.
  Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I ask my colleagues to defeat the 
previous question so we can bring up this important legislation.
  Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.

  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  One of the bills that is being brought before us, H.R. 7198, is a 
Republican partisan bill, but it violates their own CutGo budgetary 
rule.
  Yesterday, in committee, when we pointed that inconvenient fact out 
to

[[Page H6309]]

our colleagues across the aisle, rather than Republicans saying they 
were going to try to find a way to pay for the bill, my colleagues 
spent about 40 minutes railing against the CBO Director that the 
majority themselves, by the way, helped appoint.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include in the Record an 
article that reinforces what I just said.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Massachusetts?
  There was no objection.

  H.R. 7198, PROVE IT ACT OF 2024 AS REPORTED BY THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON
                   THE JUDICIARY ON NOVEMBER 22, 2024
------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  By fiscal year, millions of dollars--
                               -----------------------------------------
                                   2025      2025-2029      2025-2034
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Direct Spending (Outlays).....          1           5   10
Revenues......................          *           *   -7
Increase or Decrease (-) in             1           5   17
 the Deficit.
Spending Subject to                     6          40   not estimated
 Appropriation (Outlays).
------------------------------------------------------------------------
* = between -$500,000 and zero.

       Increases net direct spending in any of the four 
     consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2035? <$2.5 billion.
       Increases on-budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 
     10-year periods beginning in 2035? <$5 billion.
       Statutory pay-as-you-go procedures apply? Yes.
       Mandate Effects:
       Contains intergovernmental mandate? No.
       Contains private-sector mandate? Yes, under threshold.
       The bill would:
       <bullet> Allow small businesses, nonprofit organizations, 
     and small local governments to request that the Small 
     Business Administration (SBA) review a certification that a 
     proposed rule would not have a significant economic effect on 
     a substantial number of such small entities
       <bullet> Require the SBA to declare a rule no longer in 
     effect if the issuing agency fails to review that rule 
     periodically
       <bullet> Impose mandates on private-sector entities
       Estimated budgetary effects would mainly stem from:
       <bullet> Requiring some federal agencies to devote staff to 
     meet new analysis and reporting requirements
       <bullet> Increasing costs for agencies that are funded 
     through annual appropriations to carry out the bill's 
     provisions
       <bullet> Increasing direct spending and decreasing revenues 
     for several fee-funded, independent agencies and the Federal 
     Reserve System to carry out provisions of the bill
       Bill Summary: H.R. 7198 would allow small businesses, 
     nonprofit organizations, and small local governments to 
     request that the Small Business Administration (SBA) review 
     federal agencies' certifications that proposed rules would 
     not significantly affect a substantial number of small 
     entities. The bill would require the SBA to establish a 
     process for reviewing those requests and determining whether 
     certifications merit further review. (Federal agencies 
     currently evaluate proposed rules' economic effects on small 
     entities and either certify that a rule would not 
     significantly affect them or they prepare a detailed 
     regulatory flexibility analysis for the rule. A regulatory 
     flexibility analysis is an assessment of a proposed 
     regulation on small entities.)
       If further review is required, the SBA would consult the 
     rulemaking agency, representatives of the small entities, and 
     the Office of Management and Budget to determine whether, in 
     place of a certification, the rulemaking agency must prepare 
     a regulatory flexibility analysis. If the agency does not 
     complete that process, the final rule would not apply to 
     small entities.
       Additionally, under the bill, if an agency fails to update 
     its analysis of a rule's effect on small entities within 10 
     years of the rule taking effect, as they are required to do 
     under current law, the rule would no longer be in effect. 
     That provision would apply to rules for which agencies should 
     have provided updated analysis within the 5-year period prior 
     to the bill's enactment. Under the bill, a rulemaking agency 
     could seek to reinstate a rule by carrying out a new 
     rulemaking process.
       Estimated Federal cost: The costs of the legislation, 
     detailed in Table 1, fall within multiple budget functions.
       Basis of estimate: For this estimate, CBO assumes that H.R. 
     7198 will be enacted near the end of calendar year 2024, that 
     the estimated amounts will be appropriated in each year, and 
     that outlays will follow historical spending patterns.
       If an agency fails to comply with the bill's requirements, 
     the SBA would determine that the existing or proposed rule is 
     no longer in effect or would not apply to small entities. 
     Because CBO expects that federal agencies would generally 
     comply with the bill's requirements, we estimate that any 
     budgetary effects stemming from that change would be 
     insignificant.
       In addition, CBO estimates that implementing the bill would 
     increase administrative costs for most agencies because they 
     would need additional staff to carry out the bill's 
     provisions.

                                                   TABLE 1.--ESTIMATED BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF H.R. 7198
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    By fiscal year, millions of dollars--
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     2025    2026    2027    2028    2029    2030    2031    2032    2033    2034   2025-2029  2025-2034
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              INCREASES IN DIRECT SPENDING
 
Estimated Budget Authority........................       1       1       1       1       1       1       1       1       1       1         5         10
Estimated Outlays.................................       1       1       1       1       1       1       1       1       1       1         5         10
 
                                                                  DECREASES IN REVENUES
 
Estimated Revenues................................       *       *       *       *       *      -3      -1      -1      -1      -1         *         -7
 
                                        NET INCREASE IN THE DEFICIT FROM CHANGES IN DIRECT SPENDING AND REVENUES
 
Effect on the Deficit.............................       1       1       1       1       1       4       2       2       2       2         5         17
 
                                                     INCREASES IN SPENDING SUBJECT TO APPROPRIATION
 
Estimated Authorization...........................       8       8       8       9       9    n.e.    n.e.    n.e.    n.e.    n.e.        42       n.e.
Estimated Outlays.................................       6       8       8       9       9    n.e.    n.e.    n.e.    n.e.    n.e.        40       n.e.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
n.e. = not estimated.
* = between -$500,000 and zero.

       Direct spending: The administrative costs of the Consumer 
     Financial Protection Bureau, Federal Deposit Insurance 
     Corporation, National Credit Union Administration (NCUA), and 
     Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), are 
     classified in the budget as direct spending. Two of those 
     agencies, the NCUA and the OCC, collect fees from financial 
     institutions to offset their costs; those fees are treated as 
     reductions in direct spending.
       Using information about the rulemaking activities of those 
     agencies, CBO estimates that the increased administrative 
     workload under H.R. 7198 would increase net direct spending 
     for those independent agencies by $10 million over the 2025-
     2034 period.
       Revenues: H.R. 7198 also would affect revenues by 
     increasing operating costs for the Federal Reserve System, 
     which remits its net earnings to the Treasury; those 
     remittances are classified as revenues in the federal budget. 
     Based on the costs of similar activities, CBO estimates that 
     the increased costs under the bill would reduce revenues by 
     $7 million over the 2025-2034 period.
       Spending subject to appropriation: CBO estimates that 
     implementing H.R. 7198 also would increase spending for 
     agencies that are funded by annual appropriations. CBO 
     estimates that agencies that produce large numbers of rules 
     affecting small entities would need more staff to meet the 
     bill's requirements.
       CBO expects that the agencies most affected by the bill 
     include the Departments of Agriculture, Education, Health and 
     Human Services, Homeland Security, Labor, and Transportation, 
     and the Environmental Protection Agency and Securities and 
     Exchange Commission (SEC). Using information about similar 
     activities, CBO estimates that the administrative costs for 
     federal agencies to implement H.R. 7198 would total $35 
     million over the 2025-2029 period; any related spending would 
     be subject to the availability of appropriated funds.
       Under current law, the SEC is authorized to collect fees 
     sufficient to offset its annual appropriations. Therefore, 
     CBO estimates that the net budgetary effect of that 
     commission's activities to implement H.R. 7198 would be less 
     than $500,000 over the 2025-2029 period, assuming 
     appropriation actions consistent with the commission's 
     authorities.
       Finally, the requirement for the SBA to establish and carry 
     out a process for small entities to request certification 
     review would pose additional costs to that agency. Using 
     information from the SBA, CBO estimates

[[Page H6310]]

     that those administrative costs would total $5 million over 
     the 2025-2029 period; any related spending would be subject 
     to the availability of appropriated funds.
       Pay-As-You-Go considerations: The Statutory Pay-As-You-Go 
     Act of 2010 establishes budget-reporting and enforcement 
     procedures for legislation affecting direct spending or 
     revenues. The net changes in outlays and revenues that are 
     subject to those pay-as-you-go procedures are shown in Table 
     1.
       Increase in long-term net direct spending and deficits: CBO 
     estimates that enacting H.R. 7198 would not increase net 
     direct spending by more than $2.5 billion in any of the four 
     consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2035.
       CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 7198 would not increase 
     on-budget deficits by more than $5 billion in any of the four 
     consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2035.
       Mandates: If federal financial regulators increase annual 
     fees to offset the costs of implementing the bill, H.R. 7198 
     would increase the costs of an existing private-sector 
     mandate on entities required to pay those fees. CBO estimates 
     that the incremental cost of the mandate would be small and 
     would fall well below the annual threshold established in the 
     Unfunded Mandates Reform Act (UMRA) for private-sector 
     mandates ($200 million in 2024, adjusted annually for 
     inflation).
       The bill contains no intergovernmental mandates as defined 
     in UMRA.
       Previous CBO estimate: On December 2, 2024, CBO transmitted 
     a cost estimate for H.R. 7198, the Prove It Act of 2024, as 
     ordered reported by the House Committee on Small Business on 
     September 10, 2024. The two pieces of legislation are 
     similar, and CBO's estimates of their budgetary effects are 
     the same.
       Estimate prepared by: Federal Costs: Julia Aman (for the 
     Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the National Credit 
     Union Administration, and the Office of the Comptroller of 
     the Currency), David Hughes (for the Consumer Financial 
     Protection Bureau), Aurora Swanson (for the Small Business 
     Administration and for federal agencies funded by annual 
     appropriations); Revenues: Nathaniel Frentz; Mandates: Rachel 
     Austin.
       Estimate reviewed by: Justin Humphrey, Chief, Finance, 
     Housing, and Education Cost Estimates Unit; Kathleen 
     FitzGerald, Chief, Public and Private Mandates Unit; 
     Christina Hawley Anthony, Deputy Director of Budget Analysis.
       Estimate approved by: Phillip L. Swagel, Director, 
     Congressional Budget Office.
  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I also ask unanimous consent to include in 
the Record the CBO score for H.R. 7198.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Massachusetts?
  There was no objection.

                            [July 27, 2023]

 Phillip Swagel Reappointed as Director of Congressional Budget Office


    Budget Committee Chairs look forward to continued collaboration

       Today, House and Senate leadership re-appointed Dr. Phillip 
     Swagel to a second four-year term as Director of the 
     nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO). As required by 
     the Congressional Budget Act, the appointment was made 
     jointly by Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) and 
     President Pro Tempore of the Senate Patty Murray (D-WA), upon 
     the joint recommendation of House Budget Chairman Jodey 
     Arrington (R-TX) and Senate Budget Committee Chairman Sheldon 
     Whitehouse (D-RI).
       ``Dr. Swagel has the two key ingredients to faithfully 
     execute the role as our nation's budget scorekeeper--
     objectivity and integrity,'' said Chairman Arrington. ``CBO's 
     work product has tremendous implications on public policy, 
     and I am committed to working with Dr. Swagel to ensure we 
     improve the budget scoring process and achieve more timely 
     and accurate outcomes. Additionally, I look forward to 
     working with him and his colleagues at CBO to sound the alarm 
     regarding our unsustainable fiscal trajectory in order to 
     spur bipartisan leadership to address our runaway deficit 
     spending and record debt before it's too late.''
       ``I look forward to continuing to work productively with 
     Dr. Swagel,'' said Senator Whitehouse. ``He has been both a 
     fair arbiter when scoring bills and responsive in explaining 
     his agency's methodology. I especially look forward to 
     working with CBO as it does further work to analyze the vast 
     budgetary and economic costs of climate change and to 
     estimate the potential savings from delivery system reform of 
     our byzantine health care system.''
       Dr. Swagel assumed his position as the tenth Director of 
     the Congressional Budget Office on June 3, 2019. His second 
     term will end on January 3, 2027.
       Prior to his appointment as CBO Director, Dr. Swagel taught 
     economics at the University of Maryland's School of Public 
     Policy, Northwestern University, the University of Chicago 
     Booth School of Business, and Georgetown University's 
     McDonough School of Business. He also served at the Council 
     of Economic Advisers and as Assistant Secretary for Economic 
     Policy at the Treasury Department under President George W. 
     Bush. He earned his bachelor's from Princeton University and 
     his Ph.D. in economics from Harvard University.
       CBO was established in 1975 to produce independent, non-
     partisan analyses of economic and budgetary issues in support 
     of the congressional budget process. The agency plays a key 
     role in producing cost estimates for legislation proposed in 
     Congress, but does not make policy recommendations.
  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, in the Rules Committee last night, 
Democrats tried to have an amendment to basically not protect this bill 
from a point of order. If Republicans believe that this bill costs 
nothing, then surely the chair would rule in such a way. Clearly, my 
colleagues on the other side of the aisle don't even believe their own 
rhetoric.
  The bottom line is that this bill, among many of the bad things it is 
going to do, will add to our deficit. There was a time when I thought 
Republicans cared about the deficit and debt, but apparently those days 
are gone forever because I have never met a group of people who are 
more interested in passing legislation without pay-fors, tax cuts for 
millionaires and billionaires and well-connected people and well-off 
people at the expense of the middle class, and then Republicans bring 
bills like this, which will add millions and millions of dollars to our 
deficit.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes.
  Mr. Speaker, my colleague has talked a lot about the Victims of 
Communism Foundation and the bill that has been introduced to support 
their efforts. Unfortunately, he misses the point of the bill. Congress 
specifically chartered the Victims of Communism Foundation to study the 
abuses of communism. This was actually signed into law in 1993 by 
President Bill Clinton.
  We have no doubt that harmful political ideologies besides communism 
exist, but the point of this bill is to educate students specifically 
about communism. There is an acute need to educate students on the 
topic given how many students are ignorant to communism's abuses, and 
this is the work that the Victims of Communism Foundation is best 
equipped to conduct.
  Mr. Speaker, if Democrats wish to expand, my colleagues are free to 
introduce their own bill covering other topics, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I am having trouble following this debate. I just raised an issue about 
the fact that one of the bills, H.R. 7198, is not paid for; that it is 
a violation of Republicans' own CutGo rules; and that this bill, as 
passed, will add to the deficit. Then the gentleman just started 
talking about communism.
  Mr. Speaker, I repeat that the reality is that one of the bills here, 
H.R. 7198, needs a special waiver to protect it from a Republican point 
of order on CutGo because this bill adds to the deficit. Republicans 
could have paid for it or could have found an offset but chose not to. 
My colleagues chose to protect it from a point of order. That was my 
question.
  I don't know what communism has to do with the CBO estimate that this 
bill will add millions of dollars to the deficit. Anyway, I make that 
clear in case people who are watching this are confused about the 
gentleman's response to the point I raised.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire whether the gentleman wants 
to answer the CBO question or whether he wants me to close?
  Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared for the gentleman to close.
  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to 
close.
  Mr. Speaker, let us talk about priorities. My Republican colleagues 
have theirs all screwed up, and I am being really kind here. 
Republicans are lecturing us about communism instead of talking about 
real struggles facing American families.
  One of the speakers got up and complained that this is like deja vu 
all over again. The Republicans are in charge and set the agenda around 
here. These are their priority bills.
  We are wasting time working on their bills. We are talking about 
studies to inform kids about communism in schools rather than talking 
about things that are going to lower healthcare costs or lower food 
prices or

[[Page H6311]]

help small businesses or do anything that is going to make any 
difference in the lives of average people in this country.
  My colleagues on the other side of the aisle are talking about what 
bathrooms people should use instead of talking about grocery prices. I 
think one Republican Member tweeted 326 times about bathrooms in a 72-
hour period. My colleagues are just strange. It is weird what is going 
on around here.
  If my colleagues go out and actually listen to people in this 
country, Mr. Speaker, they will say what they want. It isn't what my 
friends on the other side have us here debating today. They want 
politicians to stop catering to those at the top. Yet, look at who 
Donald Trump is empowering in his new administration. This is not what 
people wanted.
  Mr. Speaker, it looks like the requirements to be in the Trump White 
House are that you either abuse women or are an out-of-touch 
billionaire. What is next? Are they going to replace FBI background 
checks with a FOX News screen test? Forget about a White House Cabinet. 
Donald Trump is making it into a junk drawer.
  His Commerce Secretary is a billionaire. Big surprise. I don't think 
this guy is capable of understanding what average people in my district 
deal with.
  His Education Secretary is yet another billionaire. What is her 
qualification? She ran WWE. I guess some schools have wrestling 
programs. It would be funny if it weren't so sad.
  His new Attorney General pick is an election denier.
  The person he tapped to lead Health & Human Services thinks tap water 
turns kids gay.
  His Defense Secretary is probably dropping out momentarily. 
Apparently he drinks on the job and paid to cover up his sexual assault 
allegations. Even his mom doesn't like him.
  These people don't shop at grocery stores. Do my colleagues think 
that they pump their own gas or cook their own food? Of course not. 
These are people who hop on helicopters to avoid traffic. They are 
poster children for the out-of-touch elites. The Republicans are 
bending over backward for them. It is unbelievable.

  It is not just bad governance, Mr. Speaker. These fights matter 
because they are fundamentally about who we want working for us. These 
people are going to make important decisions that are going to impact 
all of us.
  Mr. Speaker, do my colleagues want people who understand our 
struggles, people who will fight for regular folks, or do we want 
billionaire, trust-fund weirdos who just prop up the same broken, 
rigged system that helps themselves and screws over the rest of us?
  Mr. Speaker, I can anticipate what my good friend, the chairman of 
the Rules Committee, is going to say when he closes. He is going to 
accuse me of Trump derangement syndrome, which the gentleman usually 
always does, but what is deranged here is what is happening right 
before our very eyes: these crazy picks that have no interest in what 
average people in this country care about.
  I will say it again: People in this country voted for lower food 
prices and cheaper rent, not whatever the hell this is.
  Guess what. Democrats are listening. We are not lecturing, and we are 
going to fight for what matters: lowering costs, building an economic 
system that works for everyone, and taking power from corporations and 
those at the top and returning it back to the American people where it 
belongs.

                              {time}  1245

  We are going to fight for young people who can't afford a downpayment 
on a house. We are going to fight for parents taking items out of the 
cart at the grocery store in order to make ends meet. We are going to 
fight for workers who come home after a long shift, get in the shower, 
and wonder how in the hell they are ever going to retire if Republicans 
cut Social Security and Medicare.
  Guess what. We believe everybody, no matter where they come from or 
who they vote for, should live with dignity and have hope for a better 
future.
  Mr. Speaker, I do not believe that any of what my Republican friends 
are talking about on the floor today is in line with what the American 
people voted for. All this stuff that we are talking about here today 
is not what people voted for.
  The people are probably scratching their heads and saying: What the 
hell is happening in the United States House of Representatives?
  In January, Republicans will have the slimmest majority of any party 
in almost a century. I will make the American people a promise: 
Democrats will show up. We are not going to let them get away with 
taking away people's healthcare. We are not going to let them get away 
with rolling back the clock and taking this country backward.
  We will show up. We are going to listen to the American people. We 
pledge to work with my Republican friends where we can, but I am going 
to tell you this: We are going to fight like hell for an economic 
system where all of us can succeed and nobody gets left behind.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on this rule, and I yield back the 
remainder of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from 
engaging in personalities toward the President-elect.
  Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for that admonition. I will try 
to be careful to keep that in mind during my closing remarks.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.
  Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Massachusetts is correct. He has 
provided me ample opportunity to study the clinical and psychological 
materials for Trump derangement syndrome, and I do feel that I have got 
an advanced degree in that after spending these years on the Rules 
Committee with him, but let me bring us back to the focus of the bills 
before us.
  On the Prove It Act, H.R. 7198, the gentleman bemoans the fact that 
the American people sent us here for lower prices at the grocery store 
and to pay more attention to how their lives have been affected by this 
out-of-control government that we have seen for the last 4 years.
  I don't know where the gentleman has been for the last 4 years, but I 
have had trouble getting a phone call answered by a Cabinet Secretary 
for 4 years. I, unfortunately, am not going to be serving here any 
longer after this Congress, but I am actually excited about a time when 
Congress can interact with the heads of Federal agencies and get their 
calls returned. That will be a novel approach.
  With regard to the Prove It Act, let's focus for a minute on what 
this bill does. This requires Federal agencies to provide transparency 
regarding the impact of Federal regulatory decisions on small 
businesses. That is so simple.
  If you are worried about prices, might you also not want to consider 
the cost that the regulatory regime of this administration has imposed 
upon businesses and what happens to those costs? They are not just 
absorbed by the business. They are passed along to the consumer. That 
is the way it all works.
  Providing regulatory relief for our small businesses will prevent 
small businesses from having to pass those costs on to their consumers.
  The Regulatory Flexibility Act is not a new phenomenon. This was 
enacted back in 1980 and requires Federal agencies to consider the 
effects their regulations have on small businesses and other small 
entities.
  The RFA's goal is to reduce the economic impact of agency regulation 
on small businesses. That sounds like a good thing to me. If you are 
trying to consider opportunities to lower costs to the consumer, it 
seems like that is just exactly the type of thing you would want to do.
  In 1996, long before Donald Trump became President, Congress amended 
the Regulatory Flexibility Act to add judicial review relative to some 
of its provisions to require some agencies to hold small business 
advocacy review panels and mandate that Federal agencies produce 
regulatory compliance guidelines.
  Congress has not amended the RFA since 2010 when it made technical 
corrections and mandated that the newly formed Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau convene small business review panels when 
promulgating rules.
  Again, all of that seems like good government and a good idea, 
especially in an environment where you want to control costs.

[[Page H6312]]

  After Congress enacted the Regulatory Flexibility Act, some evidence 
suggests that fellow agencies seriously undertook the policy of 
reducing the regulatory burden on small businesses, but evidence shows 
that the burden on small businesses continues to increase.
  Mr. Speaker, that is why we are here. That burden continues to 
increase. What happens then is the cost of goods and services increase 
and are passed on to customers, customers who are our constituents who 
sent us here to do something about the high prices that they pay.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge this body to support the rule and the underlying 
pieces of legislation. These bills solve critical issues facing our 
country today. They are thoughtfully drafted and worthy of bipartisan 
support.
  I thank the Committee on Education and the Workforce and the 
Committee on the Judiciary for their work on these bills. I urge a 
strong showing of support in this body.
  Now, I will comment briefly on the ranking member's issue with the 
waiver provided in the rule before I yield back. I understand his role 
is to find shortcomings in what the Rules Committee produces. He is 
good at that. He does a fine job of that, but he also tends to have a 
very short memory of when he held the gavel. I will remind the ranking 
member that when he had the gavel, his committee waived paygo 25 times, 
which is more than the majority by several factors.
  I am proud of the work we have done on the committee, even with the 
challenges that the ranking member can appreciate. Again, I urge this 
body to support this rule and support the underlying legislation.
  The material previously referred to by Mr. McGovern is as follows:

 An Amendment to H. Res. 1602 Offered by Mr. McGovern of Massachusetts

       At the end of the resolution, add the following:
       Sec. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution, the 
     House shall proceed to the consideration in the House of the 
     bill (H.R. 12) to protect a person's ability to determine 
     whether to continue or end a pregnancy, and to protect a 
     health care provider's ability to provide abortion services. 
     All points of order against consideration of the bill are 
     waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of 
     order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous 
     question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on 
     any amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening 
     motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and 
     controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the 
     Committee on Energy and Commerce or their respective 
     designees; and (2) one motion to recommit.
       Sec. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the 
     consideration of H.R. 12.
  Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I 
move the previous question on the resolution.
  The previous question was ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous 
question on the resolution.
  The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it.
  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.
  The yeas and nays were ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further 
proceedings on this question will be postponed.

                          ____________________








[Page H6312]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair 
will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules 
on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered.
  The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later 
time.

                          ____________________








[Page H6312]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




               COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following 
communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives:

                                              Office of the Clerk,


                                     House of Representatives,

                                 Washington, DC, December 4, 2024.
     Hon. Mike Johnson,
     Speaker, House of Representatives,
     Washington, DC.
       Dear Mr. Speaker: Pursuant to the permission granted in 
     Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of 
     Representatives, the Clerk received the following message 
     from the Secretary of the Senate on December 4, 2024, at 
     11:23 a.m.
       That the Senate passed S. 1956.
       That the Senate passed S. 2514.
       That the Senate passed S. 3277.
       That the Senate passed S. 4107.
       That the Senate passed S. 4243.
       That the Senate passed S. 4569.
       That the Senate passed S. 5355.
       That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 5536.
       That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 7764.
       Appointment:
       Co-Chairperson of the Commission on the Future of the Navy
       With best wishes, I am,
           Sincerely,
                                                Kevin F. McCumber,
     Acting Clerk.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6312-H6313]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




            REVEREND HAROLD MIDDLEBROOK POST OFFICE BUILDING

  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 9360) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 300 Macedonia Lane in Knoxville, Tennessee, as the 
``Reverend Harold Middlebrook Post Office Building''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 9360

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. REVEREND HAROLD MIDDLEBROOK POST OFFICE BUILDING.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 300 Macedonia Lane in Knoxville, 
     Tennessee, shall be known and designated as the ``Reverend 
     Harold Middlebrook Post Office Building''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Reverend Harold Middlebrook Post Office 
     Building''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Tennessee (Mr. Burchett) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee.


                             General Leave

  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Tennessee?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, this is a post office I hope we can name in honor of 
Reverend Harold Middlebrook. He is a well-known figure in our community 
and a civil rights leader. He was a close friend of Dr. Martin Luther 
King. As a matter of fact, he was part of the Memphis Sanitation worker 
strike in Memphis, Tennessee. He was arrested multiple times for 
alleged violations, but as we know, those weren't real violations. He 
was exhibiting his constitutional right. He was at the Lorraine Motel 
when King was assassinated.
  In 1986, he founded the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative 
Commission in Knoxville. For the record, every year they have the 
march, it is the coldest day in Knoxville. I always remember that 
because it is always cold.
  Dr. Middlebrook has been a dear friend. I will say for the record 
that he has never voted for me, and he probably never will vote for me, 
but he is still my dear friend.
  When I was mayor, I had him come to speak to the kids in my office, 
and we took him to lunch. I wanted them to know what they endured 
during the civil rights movement and what this country endured. I think 
it is more important than seeing it in black and white on TV or reading 
it in a magazine, but to hear it and see it from his eyes.
  He spent his whole life befriending and mentoring folks in our 
community. He has been a dear friend to me and our Knoxville community, 
and he is a pretty dignified guy.
  Mr. Speaker, I hope that we can pass this, and I reserve the balance 
of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of H.R. 9360 for two 
reasons. One is the reason of process, which is,

[[Page H6313]]

as I understand it, the unanimous support of the Tennessee 
congressional delegation, which has always been the process threshold 
for these bills. Secondly, because of the substance.
  Harold Middlebrook was born in Memphis, as my distinguished 
colleague, Mr. Burchett, tells us. He went to Morehouse and became 
involved as a college student in the civil rights movement. He was 
active both with the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee and with 
the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.
  At SNCC, he participated with Bob Moses and Ivanhoe Donaldson and a 
number of the other activists in SNCC, which was the organization that 
went door to door registering people to vote at great risk to life and 
limb.
  They coined the expression ``one person, one vote'' later assimilated 
into the Supreme Court's ``one person, one vote'' equal protection 
discourse in Reynolds v. Sims and Wesberry v. Sanders, but it started 
as a slogan of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee.

                              {time}  1300

  Reverend Middlebrook came to pastor churches in Memphis, Bolivar, and 
Knoxville. He founded the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative 
Commission of Knoxville in honor of his late friend.
  It is an honor to be able to rise in support of this legislation to 
create a post office that will be named in honor of Harold Middlebrook. 
I urge passage of the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my 
time.
  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  I am proud to support this bill to honor Reverend Harold Middlebrook.
  I should have said in my notes earlier that there was an Urban League 
dinner, and Dr. Middlebrook, I thought, kind of had carried a heavy 
load his whole life. I remembered he was sitting off to the side. I was 
mayor of the county, and they asked me to come sit at the head table 
with all the, I guess, leaders.
  Dr. Middlebrook was not at that table. My wife and I sat over at the 
side with Harold Middlebrook because I told him: You run with the ones 
that brung you, Preacher. He laughed and smiled. He told us great 
stories all night. I meant to say that, and I apologize.
  I am proud to support this bill to honor my dear friend, Reverend 
Harold Middlebrook, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Molinaro). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Burchett) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 9360.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6313-H6315]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 FEDERAL AGENCY PERFORMANCE ACT OF 2024

  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (S. 709) to improve performance and accountability in the Federal 
Government, and for other purposes, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                                 S. 709

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Federal Agency Performance 
     Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF STRATEGIC REVIEWS AND REPORTING.

       (a) Strategic Reviews.--
       (1) In general.--Section 1121 of title 31, United States 
     Code, is amended--
       (A) by striking the section heading and inserting 
     ``Progress reviews and use of performance information''; and
       (B) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(c) Agency Reviews of Progress Towards Strategic Goals 
     and Objectives.--
       ``(1) Covered goal defined.--In this subsection, the term 
     `covered goal' means a goal or objective established in the 
     strategic plan of the agency under section 306(a) of title 5.
       ``(2) Review.--Not less frequently than annually and 
     consistent with guidance issued by the Director of the Office 
     of Management and Budget, the head and Chief Operating 
     Officer of each agency, shall--
       ``(A) for each covered goal, review with the appropriate 
     agency official responsible for the covered goal--
       ``(i) the progress achieved toward the covered goal--

       ``(I) during the most recent fiscal year; or
       ``(II) from recent sources of evidence available at the 
     time of the review; and

       ``(ii) the likelihood that the agency will achieve the 
     covered goal;
       ``(B) coordinate with relevant personnel within and outside 
     the agency who contribute to the accomplishment of each 
     covered goal;
       ``(C) assess progress toward each covered goal by reviewing 
     performance information and other types of evidence relating 
     to each covered goal, such as program evaluations and 
     statistical data;
       ``(D) identify whether additional evidence is necessary to 
     better assess progress toward each covered goal, and 
     prioritize the development of the evidence described in 
     subparagraph (C), such as through the plans required under 
     section 312 of title 5, if applicable;
       ``(E) assess whether relevant organizations, program 
     activities, regulations, policies, and other activities 
     contribute as planned to each covered goal;
       ``(F) as appropriate, leverage the assessment performed 
     under subparagraph (E) as part of the portfolio reviews 
     required under section 503(c)(1)(G);
       ``(G) identify any risks or impediments that would reduce 
     or otherwise decrease the likelihood that the agency will 
     achieve the covered goal; and
       ``(H) for each covered goal at greatest risk of not being 
     achieved, identify prospects and strategies for performance 
     improvement, including any necessary changes to program 
     activities, regulations, policies, or other activities of the 
     agency.
       ``(3) Support.--In fulfilling the requirements of paragraph 
     (2), the head and Chief Operating Officer of each agency 
     shall be supported by--
       ``(A) the Performance Improvement Officer of the agency;
       ``(B) as appropriate, the Chief Data Officer, Evaluation 
     Officer, Program Management Improvement Officer, and 
     Statistical Official of the agency; and
       ``(C) any other senior agency official designated by the 
     head of the agency, the sustained involvement of whom may 
     help the agency increase the likelihood of achieving 1 or 
     more covered goals.''.
       (2) Conforming amendment.--The table of sections for 
     Chapter 11 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by 
     striking the item relating to section 1121 and inserting the 
     following:

``1121. Progress reviews and use of performance information..''.
       (b) Summary Required.--Section 1116 of title 31, United 
     States Code, is amended--
       (1) in subsection (c)--
       (A) in paragraph (6)(E), by striking ``and'' at the end;
       (B) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end and 
     inserting ``; and''; and
       (C) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(8) include a summary of the findings of the review of 
     the agency under section 1121(c).''; and
       (2) by striking subsections (f) through (i).

     SEC. 3. REVISIONS TO THE FEDERAL PERFORMANCE WEBSITE.

       Section 1122 of title 31, United States Code, is amended--
       (1) in subsection (a)--
       (A) in paragraph (2)--
       (i) in subparagraph (C)--

       (I) by inserting ``required to be included on the single 
     website under subparagraph (A) and the information''; before 
     ``in the program inventory''; and
       (II) by striking ``and'' at the end;

       (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking the period at the end 
     and inserting ``; and''; and
       (iii) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(E) ensure that the website described in subparagraph (A) 
     conforms with the requirements for websites under section 
     3(a) of the 21st Century Integrated Digital Experience Act 
     (44 U.S.C. 3501 note).''; and
       (B) in paragraph (4), by striking subparagraph (A) and 
     inserting the following:
       ``(A) archive and preserve--
       ``(i) the information included in the program inventory 
     required under paragraph (2)(B), including the information 
     described in paragraph (3), after the end of the period 
     during which that information is made available; and
       ``(ii) the information included in the single website under 
     paragraph (2)(A) in accordance with subsections (b) and (c) 
     after the end of the period during which such information is 
     made available on the website; and'';
       (2) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (6) and 
     inserting the following:
       ``(6) the results achieved toward the agency priority goals 
     established under section 1120(b)--
       ``(A) during the most recent quarter and overall trend data 
     for each quarter compared to the planned level of 
     performance; and
       ``(B) at the end of the 2-year agency priority goal period 
     compared to the overall planned level of performance;''; and
       (3) in subsection (c), by striking paragraph (5) and 
     inserting the following:
       ``(5) the results achieved toward the priority goals 
     developed under section 1120(a)(1)--
       ``(A) during the most recent quarter and overall trend data 
     for each quarter compared to the planned level of 
     performance; and
       ``(B) at the end of the 4-year Federal Government priority 
     goal period compared to the overall planned level of 
     performance;''.

[[Page H6314]]

  


     SEC. 4. FEDERAL GOVERNMENT PRIORITY GOALS.

       Section 1120(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking the second sentence and inserting ``Such 
     goals shall--
       ``(A) be updated and revised not less frequently than 
     during the first year of each Presidential term;
       ``(B) be made publicly available not less frequently than 
     concurrently with the submission of the budget of the United 
     States Government under section 1105(a) made during the first 
     full fiscal year following any year during which a term of 
     the President commences under section 101 of title 3;
       ``(C) include plans for the successful achievement of each 
     goal within each single Presidential term; and
       ``(D) explicitly cite to any specific contents of the 
     budget described in subparagraph (B) that support the 
     achievement of each goal.''.

     SEC. 5. FEDERAL GOVERNMENT PRIORITY GOAL CO-LEADERS.

       Section 1115(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended 
     by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following:
       ``(3) for each Federal Government performance goal, 
     identify, as appropriate, not fewer than 2 lead Government 
     officials who shall jointly be responsible for coordinating 
     the efforts to achieve the goal, of whom--
       ``(A) not less than 1 shall be from the Executive Office of 
     the President; and
       ``(B) not less than 1 shall be from an agency identified as 
     contributing to the Federal Government performance goal 
     described in paragraph (2);''.

     SEC. 6. REPEAL OF OUTDATED PILOT PROJECTS.

       (a) In General.--Chapter 11 of title 31, United States 
     Code, is amended by striking sections 1118 and 1119.
       (b) Conforming Amendment.--Section 9704 of title 31, United 
     States Code, is amended--
       (1) by striking subsection (c); and
       (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (c).
       (c) Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections for chapter 
     11 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking 
     the items relating to sections 1118 and 1119.

     SEC. 7. CLARIFYING AMENDMENTS.

       (a) Clarification of Requirement To Cite to Evidence-
     Building Activities in Strategic Plans.--Section 306(a) of 
     title 5, United States Code, is amended--
       (1) in paragraph (8) by inserting ``, as applicable'' after 
     ``section 312''; and
       (2) in paragraph (9), in the matter preceding subparagraph 
     (A), by inserting ``with respect to the head of an agency 
     required to develop a plan described in subsection (a) or (b) 
     of section 312,'' before ``an assessment''.
       (b) Clarification of Timing of Agency Performance Report.--
     Section 1116(b)(1) of title 31, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``shall occur no less than 150 days 
     after'' and inserting ``shall occur not later than 150 days 
     after''.

     SEC. 8. GAO REPORT.

       Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of 
     this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall 
     submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and 
     Accountability of the House of Representatives a report on 
     the effectiveness of this Act and the amendments made by this 
     Act.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Tennessee (Mr. Burchett) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee.


                             General Leave

  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Tennessee?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, the Federal Agency 
Performance Act, which provides additional transparency, 
accountability, and priorities for the Federal Government.
  Federal agencies have many different missions. To meet these 
missions, they are required to develop goals and objectives. Developing 
the goal is an important first step toward progress. However, we know 
that more must be done to ensure that these goals and objectives are 
being achieved.
  The Government Performance and Results Act of 1993, as later 
modernized in 2010 by a reform act known as GPRAMA, collectively 
established a solid foundation of reforms to improve the overall 
performance and outcomes of Federal agencies.
  GPRAMA addressed a number of issues, such as focusing attention on 
crosscutting management issues, enhancing the usefulness of performance 
information, increasing transparency, and ensuring leadership 
commitment and attention to improving the performance of Federal 
agencies.
  S. 709 builds upon existing law to codify the performance management 
practices that have shown the most positive results.
  This bill requires agencies to proactively assess their progress 
toward achieving their strategic goals and objectives. It ensures that 
merely developing the goal is not enough.
  Agencies would be required to track their progress and develop plans 
to address identified risks to not achieving their stated goals. This 
bill also requires agencies to determine whether they need more 
evidence to better assess their progress.
  Agencies would also be required to assign senior leadership attention 
to completing these efforts, a commonsense reform that ensures that the 
work gets done, Mr. Speaker.
  I thank Oversight Committee members William Timmons and Ro Khanna for 
leading the House companion to this bill.
  I urge all my colleagues to support this important, sensible, and 
bipartisan legislation. I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  I rise in support of the Federal Agency Performance Act. I also thank 
my colleagues, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Timmons) and the 
gentleman from California (Mr. Khanna), for leading this bill to 
modernize the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993, which we 
refer to as GPRA, I believe.
  I am pleased to support this bipartisan legislation. I thank Senator 
Peters, the chair of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs, for his leadership of the bill on the Senate 
side.
  GPRA established a performance management framework in 1993 for 
Federal Government agencies. It was last modernized in 2010, so we are 
overdue serious attention to make sure the framework is operating as 
effectively and smoothly as it can.
  This bill would promote both accountability and transparency. It 
would codify OMB's practice of conducting regular strategic reviews of 
Federal agency performance goals, and it would also set new 
requirements to improve publicly available data on performance.gov, 
allowing the public greater transparency into agency progress toward 
the goals that have been set forth.
  The bill makes commonsense updates to ensure agencies are providing 
services to the people as efficiently and as effectively as possible, 
which is why we have a government, to serve the people.
  I encourage all my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
South Carolina (Mr. Timmons), my dear friend.
  Mr. TIMMONS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of S. 709, the 
Federal Agency Performance Act.
  I also thank my colleague, Mr. Khanna, for partnering with me on the 
House companion version of this important bill and Chairman Comer for 
his support.
  The Federal Agency Performance Act will help the incoming Trump 
administration root out waste, fraud, and abuse within many Federal 
agencies. The Government Performance and Results Modernization Act of 
2010 already made important strides in improving agency performance. 
This bill builds on those reforms by introducing new proven practices 
that will reduce frivolous spending of taxpayer dollars.
  Specifically, the bill requires agencies to develop clear strategic 
plans for how taxpayer money is allocated. Just as importantly, though, 
it holds agency employees accountable by requiring them to report their 
progress toward achieving those goals. By establishing a more rigorous 
strategic review process, improving access to publicly available data, 
and incorporating evidence-based practices into planning, we create a 
stronger framework for how taxpayer money is spent. This leads to 
greater transparency and accountability, not just for individual 
agencies, but across the government as a whole.
  To increase government efficiency and demand accountability, I urge 
all of my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation.

[[Page H6315]]

  

  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge everybody 
to pass this, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to 
close.
  I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Burchett) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 709, as amended.
  The question was taken.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds 
being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.
  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.
  The yeas and nays were ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further 
proceedings on this motion will be postponed.

                          ____________________








[Page H6315]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 CORPORAL MATTHEW A. WYATT POST OFFICE

  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 8976) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 20 West White Street in Millstadt, Illinois, as the 
``Corporal Matthew A. Wyatt Post Office''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8976

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. CORPORAL MATTHEW A. WYATT POST OFFICE.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 20 West White Street in Millstadt, 
     Illinois, shall be known and designated as the ``Corporal 
     Matthew A. Wyatt Post Office''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Corporal Matthew A. Wyatt Post Office''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Tennessee (Mr. Burchett) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee.


                             General Leave

  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Tennessee?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, which would rename a 
post office in Illinois for Corporal Matthew A. Wyatt.
  Wyatt joined the United States Marine Corps shortly after graduating 
high school in June of 2001. On December 3, 2004, Corporal Wyatt was 
killed while stopping a suicide bomber's truck at the gates of his 
forward operating base in Iraq.
  I support naming a post office in memory of Corporal Wyatt, and I 
encourage all my colleagues to support this bill. As a historical note, 
my father was a Corporal in the United States Marine Corps.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  I rise in support of H.R. 8976, which has bipartisan support.
  Again, it is an honor to be able to support legislation named after 
Corporal Matthew A. Wyatt, who was a proud member of a military family, 
who joined the Marine Corps after graduating from high school in June 
of 2001. He was assigned to the 5th Battalion, 10th Marine Regiment, 
2nd Marine Division in Camp Lejeune, North Carolina.
  Marine Corporal Matthew Wyatt was deployed to the Iraqi-Jordanian 
border, where tragically he was killed in action at the age of 21.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this legislation, which would honor 
his legacy by naming a post office in his hometown of Millstadt, 
Illinois, after him. I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. Bost), who is a marine.
  Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 8976, 
to rename the post office in Millstadt, Illinois, in honor of a fallen 
hero, Corporal Matthew Wyatt.
  Matt was a marine, serving in Iraq's Al Anbar Province when a suicide 
bomber approached his base in a truck loaded with explosives. Matt and 
another marine quickly took action to attempt to block the breach, but 
the explosion killed both servicemen instantly.
  Yesterday marked the 20th anniversary of their passing. Now, despite 
the passage of time, it is a mile marker that I am sure gets no easier 
for his loved ones left behind. It is a pain many of us could not 
imagine.
  Matt had something special. He had something he couldn't learn by 
watching television or even being taught in a classroom. He was 
instilled with a commitment to his country that is really tough to find 
today.
  Now, I spoke about Matt's background when I introduced this 
legislation in the spring, but it is important for me to share it 
again. Military service was in Matt's blood. It came from his father, 
Marine Gunnery Sergeant Alan Wyatt, and two grandfathers, one Army and 
one Navy.
  When his mother, Verlene, asked if he was willing to go to war, 
without hesitation Matt said yes. His bravery in battle earned him the 
Purple Heart and Bronze Star. His commanding officer personally 
traveled to Millstadt to present the family with his medals.
  Though we mourn a precious life cut short, we honor a legacy that 
runs long. This is a small and meaningful tribute to a small-town 
southern Illinoisan who made a big difference for his country.
  I am proud today that the people's House is taking the opportunity to 
honor him. I encourage all of my colleagues here to support this bill 
and pass H.R. 8976 in honor of Corporal Matthew Wyatt of Millstadt, 
Illinois. Semper fi, marine. Oorah.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. BURCHETT. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the naming 
of a post office after Corporal Matthew A. Wyatt.
  My mama lost her oldest brother in the Second World War, and to the 
day she died, she talked about him. I could identify with what Marine 
Bost was just saying. I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Burchett) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 8976.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6315-H6316]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1315
                       FLOYD B. OLSON POST OFFICE

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 8841) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 114 Center Street East in Roseau, Minnesota, as the 
``Floyd B. Olson Post Office''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8841

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. FLOYD B. OLSON POST OFFICE.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 114 Center Street East in Roseau, 
     Minnesota, shall be known and designated as the ``Floyd B. 
     Olson Post Office''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Floyd B. Olson Post Office''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. Comer) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky.


                             General Leave

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members

[[Page H6316]]

may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Kentucky?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, which would rename a 
post office located in Minnesota to honor Floyd Olson.
  Floyd B. Olson was born in Roseau, Minnesota, and served in the U.S. 
Army for 2 years following his high school graduation. He began working 
at the Roseau post office as a clerk in 1963 and was appointed 
postmaster in 1966. Floyd passed away on December 26, 2017, at the age 
of 86.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, this legislation would honor the life and legacy of the 
great Floyd B. Olson, Minnesota native and community postmaster for 25 
years.
  In addition to his important work making sure that the mail would be 
delivered through snow and sleet and rain, he was an Army veteran, an 
active member of a number of community groups, and active in politics. 
He belonged to the Roseau County Historical Society board and the 
postmasters association. I commend this legislation, and urge passage.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Minnesota (Mrs. Fischbach).
  Mrs. FISCHBACH. Mr. Speaker, I am here to stand in support of my 
bill, H.R. 8841, to rename the post office in Roseau, Minnesota, in 
honor of Mr. Floyd B. Olson, who faithfully served as postmaster for 
the community for 25 years.
  Floyd was a staple in his community. Born in Roseau on November 9, 
1931, to a proud Swedish family, Floyd was named after Minnesota's 
Scandinavian Governor. He served 2 years in the U.S. Army and married 
Marjorie in 1954. The two would go on to have three children together, 
Jeff, Sarajane, and Lisa.
  In addition to serving in the post office for nearly 30 years, he was 
a member of the Rose Free Lutheran Church, where he was an active 
participant on the board and a charter member of the Rose Church Men's 
Club. He served as vice president of the Roseau County Historical 
Society board for several years, and he served on the Roseau County 
Fair board for 25 years.
  He looked forward to his Thursday morning coffee crew. He loved the 
great outdoors and anytime he could get out into nature. He took 
special pride in his six grandchildren and three great-granddaughters.
  Sadly, Mr. Olson passed away on December 26, 2017. He is remembered 
so fondly by his family and the Roseau community. A man of faith, a 
family man, a true public servant, I can think of no better person to 
dedicate this post office to than Mr. Olson.
  Mr. Speaker, I am proud to introduce this legislation in his honor 
and look forward to voting on it on the floor.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the gentlewoman on this 
legislation.
  My grandfather, who actually was in politics in Minnesota, was good 
friends with Floyd Olson, who also was in politics. He was a three-term 
Governor, an active member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, the 
22nd Governor of Minnesota. Under his leadership, Minnesota instituted 
a progressive income tax, created a Social Security program for older 
people, expanded the State's environmental conservation programs, 
guaranteed equal pay for women, and fought for the right to collective 
bargaining and a minimum wage.
  He is quite a great figure, and it is hard to think of a more 
deserving figure in Minnesota than that of Floyd Olson. We are 
delighted to endorse passage of this legislation.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my House colleagues to support 
this bill honoring Floyd B. Olson, and I yield back the balance of my 
time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 8841.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6316-H6319]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




  STRENGTHENING AGENCY MANAGEMENT AND OVERSIGHT OF SOFTWARE ASSETS ACT

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 1695) to improve the visibility, accountability, and oversight of 
agency software asset management practices, and for other purposes, as 
amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H. R. 1695

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Strengthening Agency 
     Management and Oversight of Software Assets Act''.

     SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS.

       In this Act:
       (1) Administrator.--The term ``Administrator'' means the 
     Administrator of General Services.
       (2) Agency.--The term ``agency'' has the meaning given that 
     term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code, except 
     that such term does not include an element of the 
     intelligence community.
       (3) Cloud computing.--The term ``cloud computing'' has the 
     meaning given the term in Special Publication 800-145 of the 
     National Institute of Standards and Technology, or any 
     successor document.
       (4) Cloud service provider.--The term ``cloud service 
     provider'' has the meaning given the term in section 3607(b) 
     of title 44, United States Code.
       (5) Comprehensive assessment.--The term ``comprehensive 
     assessment'' means a comprehensive assessment conducted 
     pursuant to section 3(a).
       (6) Director.--The term ``Director'' means the Director of 
     the Office of Management and Budget.
       (7) Intelligence community.--The term ``intelligence 
     community'' has the meaning given the term in section 3 of 
     the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003).
       (8) Plan.--The term ``plan'' means the plan developed by a 
     Chief Information Officer, or equivalent official, pursuant 
     to section 4(a).
       (9) Software entitlement.--The term ``software 
     entitlement'' means any software that--
       (A) has been purchased, leased, or licensed by or billed to 
     an agency under any contract or other business arrangement; 
     and
       (B) is subject to use limitations.
       (10) Software inventory.--The term ``software inventory'' 
     means the software inventory of an agency required pursuant 
     to--
       (A) section 2(b)(2)(A) of the Making Electronic Government 
     Accountable By Yielding Tangible Efficiencies Act of 2016 (40 
     U.S.C. 11302 note; Public Law 114-210); or
       (B) subsequent guidance issued by the Director pursuant to 
     that Act.

     SEC. 3. SOFTWARE INVENTORY UPDATE AND EXPANSION.

       (a) In General.--As soon as practicable, and not later than 
     18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chief 
     Information Officer of each agency, in consultation with the 
     Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Acquisition Officer, the 
     Chief Data Officer, and General Counsel of the agency, or the 
     equivalent officials of the agency, shall complete a 
     comprehensive assessment of the software paid for by, in use 
     at, or deployed throughout the agency, which shall include--
       (1) the current software inventory of the agency, including 
     software entitlements, contracts and other agreements or 
     arrangements of the agency, and a list of the largest 
     software entitlements of the agency separated by provider and 
     category of software;
       (2) a comprehensive, detailed accounting of--
       (A) any software used by or deployed within the agency, 
     including software developed or built by the agency, or by 
     another agency for use by the agency, including shared 
     services, as of the date of the comprehensive assessment, 
     including, to the extent identifiable, the contracts and 
     other agreements or arrangements used by the agency to 
     acquire, build, deploy, or use such software;
       (B) information and data on software entitlements, which 
     shall include information on any additional fees or costs, 
     including fees or costs for the use of cloud services, that 
     are not included in the initial costs of the contract, 
     agreement, or arrangement--
       (i) for which the agency pays;
       (ii) that are not deployed or in use by the agency; and
       (iii) that are billed to the agency under any contract or 
     business arrangement that creates duplication, or are 
     otherwise determined to be unnecessary by the Chief 
     Information Officer of the agency, or the equivalent 
     official, in the deployment or use by the agency; and
       (C) the extent--

[[Page H6317]]

       (i) to which any software paid for, in use, or deployed 
     throughout the agency is interoperable; and
       (ii) of the efforts of the agency to improve 
     interoperability of software assets throughout the agency 
     enterprise;
       (3) a categorization of software entitlements of the agency 
     by cost, volume, and type of software;
       (4) a list of any provisions in the software entitlements 
     of the agency that may restrict how the software can be 
     deployed, accessed, or used, including any such restrictions 
     on desktop or server hardware, through a cloud service 
     provider, or on data ownership or access; and
       (5) an analysis addressing--
       (A) the accuracy and completeness of the comprehensive 
     assessment;
       (B) agency management of and compliance with all contracts 
     or other agreements or arrangements that include or reference 
     software entitlements or software management within the 
     agency;
       (C) the extent to which the agency accurately captures the 
     total cost of software entitlements and related costs, 
     including the total cost of upgrades over the life of a 
     contract, cloud usage costs, and any other cost associated 
     with the maintenance or servicing of contracts; and
       (D) compliance with software license management policies of 
     the agency.
       (b) Contract Support.--
       (1) Authority.--The head of an agency may enter into 1 or 
     more contracts to support the requirements of subsection (a).
       (2) No conflict of interest.--Contracts under paragraph (1) 
     shall not include contractors with organizational conflicts 
     of interest, within the meaning given that term under subpart 
     9.5 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation.
       (3) Operational independence.--Over the course of a 
     comprehensive assessment, contractors hired pursuant to 
     paragraph (1) shall maintain operational independence from 
     the integration, management, and operations of the software 
     inventory and software entitlements of the agency.
       (c) Submission.--On the date on which the Chief Information 
     Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Acquisition Officer, 
     the Chief Data Officer, and General Counsel of an agency, or 
     the equivalent officials of the agency, complete the 
     comprehensive assessment, the Chief Information Officer shall 
     submit the comprehensive assessment to the head of the 
     agency.
       (d) Subsequent Submission.--Not later than 30 days after 
     the date on which the head of an agency receives the 
     comprehensive assessment under subsection (c), the head of 
     the agency shall submit the comprehensive assessment to--
       (1) the Director;
       (2) the Administrator;
       (3) the Comptroller General of the United States;
       (4) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs of the Senate; and
       (5) the Committee on Oversight and Accountability of the 
     House of Representatives.
       (e) Consultation.--In order to ensure the utility and 
     standardization of the comprehensive assessment of each 
     agency, including to support the development of each plan and 
     the report required under section 4(e)(2), the Director, in 
     consultation with the Administrator, shall share information, 
     best practices, and recommendations relating to the 
     activities performed in the course of a comprehensive 
     assessment of an agency.
       (f) Intelligence Community.--For each element of the 
     intelligence community, a comprehensive assessment described 
     under subsection (a) shall be--
       (1) conducted separately;
       (2) performed only by an entity designated by the head of 
     the element of the intelligence community, in accordance with 
     appropriate applicable laws;
       (3) performed in such a manner as to ensure appropriate 
     protection of information which, if disclosed, may adversely 
     affect national security; and
       (4) submitted in summary form, not later than 30 days after 
     the date on which the head of the element of the intelligence 
     community receives the assessment, by the head of the element 
     of the intelligence community to--
       (A) the Director;
       (B) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and
       (C) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
     House of Representatives.

     SEC. 4. SOFTWARE MODERNIZATION PLANNING AT AGENCIES.

       (a) In General.--The Chief Information Officer of each 
     agency, in consultation with the Chief Financial Officer, the 
     Chief Acquisition Officer, the Chief Data Officer, and the 
     General Counsel of the agency, or the equivalent officials of 
     the agency, shall use the information developed pursuant to 
     the comprehensive assessment of the agency to develop a plan 
     for the agency--
       (1) to consolidate software entitlements of the agency;
       (2) to ensure that, in order to improve the performance of, 
     and reduce unnecessary costs to, the agency, the Chief 
     Information Officer, Chief Data Officer, and Chief 
     Acquisition Officer of the agency, or the equivalent 
     officers, develop criteria and procedures for how the agency 
     will adopt cost-effective acquisition strategies, including 
     enterprise licensing, across the agency that reduce costs, 
     eliminate excess licenses, and improve performance; and
       (3) to restrict the ability of a bureau, program, 
     component, or operational entity within the agency to 
     acquire, use, develop, or otherwise leverage any software 
     entitlement (or portion thereof) without the approval of the 
     Chief Information Officer of the agency, in consultation with 
     the Chief Acquisition Officer of the agency, or the 
     equivalent officers of the agency.
       (b) Plan Requirements.--The plan of an agency shall--
       (1) include a detailed strategy for--
       (A) the remediation of any software asset management 
     deficiencies found during the comprehensive assessment of the 
     agency;
       (B) the ongoing maintenance of software asset management 
     upon the completion of the remediation;
       (C) automation of software license management processes and 
     incorporation of discovery tools across the agency;
       (D) ensuring that officers and employees of the agency are 
     adequately trained in the policies, procedures, rules, 
     regulations, and guidance relating to the software 
     acquisition and development of the agency before entering 
     into any agreement relating to any software entitlement (or 
     portion thereof) for the agency, including training on--
       (i) negotiating options within contracts to address and 
     minimize provisions that restrict how the agency may deploy, 
     access, or use the software, including restrictions on 
     deployment, access, or use on desktop or server hardware and 
     restrictions on data ownership or access;
       (ii) the differences between acquiring commercial software 
     products and services and acquiring or building custom 
     software; and
       (iii) determining the costs of different types of licenses 
     and options for adjusting licenses to meet increasing or 
     decreasing demand; and
       (E) maximizing the effectiveness of software deployed by 
     the agency, including, to the extent practicable, leveraging 
     technologies that--
       (i) measure actual software usage via analytics that can 
     identify inefficiencies to assist in rationalizing software 
     spending;
       (ii) allow for segmentation of the user base;
       (iii) support effective governance and compliance in the 
     use of software; and
       (iv) support interoperable capabilities between software;
       (2) identify categories of software the agency could 
     prioritize for conversion to more cost-effective software 
     licenses, including enterprise licenses, as the software 
     entitlements, contracts, and other agreements or arrangements 
     come up for renewal or renegotiation;
       (3) provide an estimate of the costs to move toward more 
     enterprise, open-source, or other licenses that do not 
     restrict the use of software by the agency, and the projected 
     cost savings, efficiency measures, and improvements to agency 
     performance throughout the total software lifecycle;
       (4) identify potential mitigations to minimize software 
     license restrictions on how such software can be deployed, 
     accessed, or used, including any mitigations that would 
     minimize any such restrictions on desktop or server hardware, 
     through a cloud service provider, or on data ownership or 
     access;
       (5) ensure that the purchase by the agency of any software 
     is based on publicly available criteria that are not unduly 
     structured to favor any specific vendor, unless prohibited by 
     law (including regulation);
       (6) include any estimates for additional resources, 
     services, or support the agency may need to implement the 
     plan;
       (7) provide information on the prevalence of software 
     products in use across multiple software categories; and
       (8) include any additional information, data, or analysis 
     determined necessary by the Chief Information Officer, or 
     other equivalent official, of the agency.
       (c) Support.--The Chief Information Officer, or other 
     equivalent official, of an agency may request support from 
     the Director and the Administrator for any analysis or 
     developmental needs to create the plan of the agency.
       (d) Agency Submission.--
       (1) In general.--Not later than 1 year after the date on 
     which the head of an agency submits the comprehensive 
     assessment pursuant to section 3(d), the head of the agency 
     shall submit to the Director, the Committee on Homeland 
     Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the 
     Committee on Oversight and Accountability of the House of 
     Representatives the plan of the agency.
       (2) Intelligence community.--Not later than 1 year after 
     the date on which the head of an element of the intelligence 
     community submits the summary assessment pursuant to section 
     3(f)(4), the head of the element shall separately submit the 
     plan of the element to the Director, the Select Committee on 
     Intelligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Select 
     Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives.
       (e) Consultation and Coordination.--The Director--
       (1) in coordination with the Administrator, the Chief 
     Information Officers Council, the Chief Acquisition Officers 
     Council, the Chief Data Officers Council, the Chief Financial 
     Officers Council, and other government and industry 
     representatives identified by the Director, shall establish 
     processes, using existing reporting functions, as 
     appropriate, to identify, define, and harmonize common 
     definitions, terms and conditions, standardized requirements, 
     and other information and criteria to support agency heads in 
     developing

[[Page H6318]]

     and implementing the plans required by this section; and
       (2) in coordination with the Administrator, and not later 
     than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, submit 
     to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and 
     Accountability of the House of Representatives a report 
     detailing recommendations to leverage Government procurement 
     policies and practices with respect to software acquired by, 
     developed by, deployed within, or in use at 1 or more 
     agencies to--
       (A) increase the interoperability of software licenses, 
     including software entitlements and software built by 
     Government agencies;
       (B) consolidate licenses, as appropriate;
       (C) reduce costs;
       (D) improve performance; and
       (E) modernize the management and oversight of software 
     entitlements and software built by Government agencies, as 
     identified through an analysis of agency plans.

     SEC. 5. GAO REPORT.

       Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this 
     Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall 
     submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and 
     Accountability of the House of Representatives a report on--
       (1) Government-wide trends in agency software asset 
     management practices;
       (2) comparisons of software asset management practices 
     among agencies;
       (3) the establishment by the Director of processes to 
     identify, define, and harmonize common definitions, terms, 
     and conditions under section 4(e);
       (4) agency compliance with the restrictions on contract 
     support under section 3(b); and
       (5) other analyses of and findings regarding the plans of 
     agencies, as determined by the Comptroller General of the 
     United States.

     SEC. 6. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS.

       No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated for 
     the purpose of carrying out this Act.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. Comer) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky.


                             General Leave

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Kentucky?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, the Strengthening Agency 
Management and Oversight of Software Assets Act.
  Federal agencies spend billions of dollars a year on software 
licenses without a full understanding of what they are purchasing and 
how it compares to what they are already paying for. The result is 
wasteful spending on duplicative and unnecessary software licenses.
  This legislation will provide Congress better insight into how our 
Federal agencies purchase and use software and will improve government 
software purchasing without unduly limiting the procurement options of 
Federal agencies.
  H.R. 1695 requires an agency to better manage its software and 
develop a plan for addressing any costly, unnecessary licenses. This 
will reduce wasteful spending and improve government efficiency.
  I thank Representatives Cartwright, Fallon, and Mace for working to 
ensure this legislation appropriately achieves its goals.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan 
legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1695, the SAMOSA Act. I thank 
my friend and distinguished, imminent, erudite, and eloquent colleague, 
Mr. Cartwright of Pennsylvania, for his vigorous leadership on this 
bipartisan bill that will achieve big cost savings for the American 
people.
  The government will spend tens of billions of dollars this year on 
software purchases and maintenance, which is a big chunk of the 
estimated $100 billion that they will spend on IT annually.
  Previous efforts to increase oversight and transparency of 
expenditures on software, including the MEGABYTE Act of 2016, have 
helped the agency save hundreds of millions of dollars over just 3 
years.
  Serious challenges remain. For example, a recent audit by GAO found 
that software license data reported by the agencies was inconsistent 
due to wide variation in how agencies track and maintain their computer 
inventories and contracts.
  Current software contract and asset management practices fall short 
of achieving enough transparency to allow the agencies to purchase 
software products and services that actually will meet their needs and 
priorities.
  H.R. 1695, the SAMOSA Act, would require Federal agency chief 
information officers to conduct comprehensive assessments of the 
software paid for by government or in use in government or being 
deployed there. These assessments would update and expand the software 
inventories required by the MEGABYTE Act.
  The bill would require agencies to submit these comprehensive 
assessments to GSA, OMB, GAO, and Congress to facilitate more effective 
oversight of Federal software contracts.
  Agencies would be required to use these assessments to develop a plan 
to better manage software procurement and management, which would be 
required to include remediation of deficiencies, automation of 
management processes, and workforce training.
  The Senate Committee on Homeland Security says the bill could save 
taxpayers up to $5 billion a year. This bipartisan legislation would 
enable the Federal Government to operate more effectively, efficiently, 
and transparently. I am happy to support its passage.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. Cartwright).
  Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate this opportunity to speak 
about my bill, H.R. 1695, the SAMOSA Act, the Strengthening Agency 
Management and Oversight of Software Assets Act.
  It is a signal mission, Chairman Comer, Ranking Member Raskin. It is 
a signal mission of the Oversight Committee to root out waste, fraud, 
and abuse and to take measures to correct such waste of money of the 
American taxpayers.
  This legislation would require all Federal agencies to conduct a 
comprehensive assessment of their current software assets and 
restructure their operations to reduce unnecessary costs.
  The U.S. Government is the largest single software customer in the 
world. Our Federal Government spends billions of taxpayer dollars every 
year on software licenses alone. Most of these software license 
purchases are purposeful, but some are redundant, duplicative, and 
simply unnecessary.
  GAO reports have called out duplicative IT purchases and concluded 
that better tracking and inventory systems are necessary to avoid 
unnecessary purchases. Current software procurement processes lack 
transparency about what software assets are purchased and which ones 
are deployed by Federal agencies. In fact, many of the government 
software audits are done by the software vendors themselves. That is a 
stunning oversight.
  Additionally, rigid software licensing agreements restrict vendor 
competition and prevent Federal agencies from accessing more cost-
effective options.
  Congress took a step to improve oversight of the Federal Government 
software assets purchases when my bill, the MEGABYTE Act that Ranking 
Member Raskin just mentioned, passed the House and was signed into law 
in 2016. I had the help of Republican Congressman Steve Russell from 
Oklahoma City, a fellow House Committee on Oversight and Reform member, 
on that.

  The MEGABYTE Act directed agencies to maintain an inventory of 
software licenses and has saved American taxpayers over $450 million. 
H.R. 1695, the SAMOSA Act, builds on the MEGABYTE Act's success by 
requiring independent assessment of software license management 
practices and contracts.
  This bill would also require chief information officers to develop 
plans to improve negotiating power against software vendors by 
requiring all Federal agencies to better track their software 
purchases. This commonsense bill would reduce waste, strengthen 
cybersecurity, and modernize government operations.
  The Strengthening Agency Management and Oversight of Software Assets

[[Page H6319]]

Act, the SAMOSA Act, symbolizes good governance, and it is a 
commonsense, bipartisan solution.
  Again, I thank Oversight Committee Chair Comer and Ranking Member 
Raskin for their support of my bill. I thank Senators Peters and 
Cassidy, both former House Members, for leading this measure in the 
United States Senate.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' and encourage swift 
passage of the SAMOSA Act through the Senate.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back 
the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I encourage my colleagues to 
support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1695, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6319-H6324]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1330
   OFFICE OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL POLICY REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2024

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 9598) to amend the Office of National Drug Control Policy 
Reauthorization Act to reauthorize such Office, and for other purposes, 
as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 9598

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Office of National Drug 
     Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. OFFICE OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL POLICY 
                   REAUTHORIZATION.

       (a) Amendments to the Office of National Drug Control 
     Policy Reauthorization Act of 1998.--The Office of National 
     Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 1998 (21 U.S.C. 
     1701 et seq.) is amended--
       (1) in section 702 (21 U.S.C. 1701)--
       (A) in paragraph (2)(A)(ii), by striking ``Government 
     Reform'' and inserting ``Accountability'';
       (B) in paragraph (3)--
       (i) in subparagraph (L), by striking ``; and'' and 
     inserting a semicolon;
       (ii) in subparagraph (M), by striking the period at the end 
     and inserting ``; and''; and
       (iii) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(N) tertiary prevention support or services, including 
     opioid antagonists or overdose reversal agents such as 
     naloxone, and other harm reduction activities such as 
     overdose and drug detection testing.'';
       (C) by amending paragraph (7) to read as follows:;
       ``(7) Emerging drug threat.--The term `emerging drug 
     threat' means the occurrence of a new and growing trend in 
     the illicit use or misuse of a drug, class of drugs, or non-
     controlled substance, or a new or evolving method of drug 
     consumption or trafficking, including rapid expansion in the 
     supply of or demand for such a drug or substance.''.
       (D) in paragraph (9), by striking ``drug laws'' and 
     inserting the following: ``drug, trade, and illicit drug 
     trafficking laws'';
       (E) in paragraph (10), by inserting after ``demand 
     reduction,'' the following: ``illicit drug trafficking,'';
       (F) by redesignating paragraphs (15), (16), and (17) as 
     paragraphs (17), (18), and (19), respectively;
       (G) by inserting after paragraph (14) the following new 
     paragraph:
       ``(15) Precursor chemical.--
       ``(A) In general.--The term `precursor chemical' includes a 
     listed chemical and an unregulated precursor.
       ``(B) Listed chemical.--The term `listed chemical' has the 
     meaning given that term in section 102 of the Controlled 
     Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802).
       ``(C) Unregulated precursor.--The term `unregulated 
     precursor'--
       ``(i) means any chemical used in the production of illicit 
     drugs that has not been identified as a listed chemical under 
     the Controlled Substances Act; and
       ``(ii) does not include a solvent or reagent.
       ``(16) State.--The term `State' means each of the several 
     States of the United States, the District of Columbia, and 
     each territory or possession of the United States.'';
       (H) in paragraph (19), as so redesignated--
       (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (G) and (H) as 
     subparagraphs (H) and (I), respectively; and
       (ii) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following:
       ``(G) activities to map, track, dismantle, and disrupt the 
     financial enablers of drug trafficking organizations, 
     transnational criminal organizations, and money launderers 
     involved in the manufacture and trafficking of drugs in the 
     United States and in foreign countries;''; and
       (I) by inserting at the end the following:
       ``(20) United states.--The term `United States', when used 
     in a geographical sense, means all of the States, the 
     District of Columbia, and the territories and possessions of 
     the United States, and any waters within the jurisdiction of 
     the United States.
       ``(21) Evidence.--The term `evidence' has the meaning given 
     that term in section 3561 of title 44, United States Code.'';
       (2) in section 703(d) (21 U.S.C. 1702(d))--
       (A) in paragraph (5)(B), by striking ``accepted by a 
     contractor to be used in its performance of a contract for 
     the Office.'' and inserting the following: ``accepted--
       ``(i) by a contractor (or subcontractor thereof at any 
     tier) for use in its performance of a contract for the 
     Office; or
       ``(ii) by a grant recipient (or subgrantee thereof at any 
     tier) for use in carrying out an award related to a fund 
     administered by the Office.''; and
       (B) in paragraph (6), by inserting after ``paragraph (5)'' 
     the following: ``and the registry shall be sent to the 
     appropriate Congressional committees'';
       (3) in section 704 (21 U.S.C. 1703)--
       (A) in subsection (a)(1)(C), by striking ``shall'' and 
     inserting ``may'';
       (B) in subsection (b)--
       (i) in paragraph (16), by inserting after ``to treat 
     addiction'' the following: ``, encourage primary substance 
     use prevention, and increase accessibility and effectiveness 
     of life-saving opioid antagonists or reversal agents, such as 
     naloxone'';
       (ii) by striking paragraph (20);
       (iii) by redesignating paragraph (21) as paragraph (20);
       (iv) in paragraph (20), as so redesignated, by striking the 
     period at the end and inserting ``; and''; and
       (v) by inserting at the end the following:
       ``(21) shall coordinate with the Secretary of Homeland 
     Security, the Attorney General, and the Secretary of State 
     regarding the status of the enforcement of clauses (i) and 
     (ii) of subparagraph (A) and subparagraph (B) of section 
     237(a)(2) (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)) and subparagraphs (A) and (C) 
     of section 212(a)(2) (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)) for the purposes 
     of ensuring such drug control and illicit drug trafficking 
     enforcement activities are adequately resourced.'';
       (C) in subsection (c)--
       (i) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ``supply reduction, 
     and State, local, and tribal affairs, including any drug law 
     enforcement activities'' and inserting the following: 
     ``supply reduction, accessibility to life-saving opioid 
     antagonists or reversal agents, such as naloxone, and State, 
     local, and Tribal affairs, including any drug related law 
     enforcement activities'';
       (ii) in paragraph (3)(C)--

       (I) in clause (ii), by inserting after ``United States'' 
     the following: ``, including at and between the ports of 
     entry,'';
       (II) in clause (iii), by striking ``; and'' and inserting a 
     semicolon;
       (III) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and 
     inserting ``; and''; and
       (IV) by inserting at the end the following new clause:

       ``(v) requests funding for activities that facilitate 
     illicit drug use, but not including overdose reversal 
     medications, drug checking, or testing technology.'';
       (D) in subsection (d)(8)(F)(ii), by striking ``and at 
     United States ports of entry by officers and employees of 
     National Drug Control Program agencies and domestic and 
     foreign law enforcement officers'' and inserting the 
     following: ``and at and between United States ports of entry 
     by officers and employees of National Drug Control Program 
     agencies and domestic and foreign law enforcement officers'';
       (E) in subsection (i)--
       (i) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ``to address illicit 
     drug use issues'' and inserting the following: ``to address 
     illicit drug use, prevention and treatment of overdose and 
     addiction, and law enforcement activities''; and
       (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ``2023'' and inserting 
     ``2031''; and
       (F) in subsection (k)--
       (i) in the heading, by striking ``Harm Reduction Programs'' 
     and inserting ``Substance Use Prevention, Harm Reduction, and 
     Life-saving Treatment Programs''; and
       (ii) in the first sentence, by inserting after ``drug 
     addiction and use'' the following: ``with the primary goal 
     being the prevention of initial or continued use and the 
     fostering of life-saving opioid antagonists or reversal 
     agents, such as naloxone'';
       (4) in section 705 (21 U.S.C. 1704)--
       (A) in subsection (a)(3)--
       (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting after ``Federal 
     Government'' the following: ``and such lands owned by a 
     foreign principal (as such term in defined in section 1(b) of 
     the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 (22 U.S.C. 
     611))'';
       (ii) in subparagraph (B)--

       (I) by inserting after ``the preceding year'' the 
     following: ``, along with historical comparisons over the 
     prior 20 years,'';
       (II) in clause (i)--

       (aa) by inserting after ``seizing drugs,'' the following: 
     ``including precursor chemicals,''; and
       (bb) by striking ``; and'' and inserting a semicolon;

[[Page H6320]]

       (III) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and 
     inserting ``; and''; and
       (IV) by inserting at the end the following new clause:

       ``(iii) the effects of trends of encounters of inadmissible 
     aliens at and between the ports of entry, and the effect of 
     any increases or changes in the level of trade and travel, on 
     the capacity and ability of the Department of Homeland 
     Security components to interdict and prevent the unlawful 
     entry of illicit drugs into the United States by any 
     means.''; and
       (iii) in subparagraph (D)--

       (I) by inserting after ``the preceding year'' the 
     following: ``, along with historical comparisons over the 
     prior 20 years,''; and
       (II) in clause (iii), by inserting after ``seizing drugs,'' 
     the following: ``including precursor chemicals,'';

       (B) in subsection (e)(2), by inserting before the period at 
     the end the following: ``and $3,000,000 for each of fiscal 
     years 2025 through 2031''; and
       (C) in subsection (f)--
       (i) in paragraph (2), by inserting after ``agency shall'' 
     the following: ``, in accordance with guidelines issued by 
     the Director for standard definitions, identification, and 
     review procedures,''; and
       (ii) by striking paragraph (4);
       (5) in section 706 (21 U.S.C. 1705)--
       (A) in subsection (c)--
       (i) in paragraph (1)--

       (I) by striking subparagraph (D);
       (II) in subparagraph (H)--

       (aa) by inserting after ``identifying existing'' the 
     following: ``evidence,''; and
       (bb) by striking ``will obtain such data'' and inserting 
     ``will ensure such data is obtained'';

       (III) in subparagraph (J)(ii), by inserting ``evidence,'' 
     before ``data'';
       (IV) in subparagraph (L), by inserting ``evidence'' after 
     ``Such other''; and
       (V) in subparagraph (M)(iv), by inserting ``storing and 
     retrieving,'' after ``collecting,'';

       (ii) in paragraph (2)--

       (I) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) and (F) as 
     subparagraphs (G) and (H), respectively; and
       (II) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new 
     subparagraphs:

       ``(E) The Administrator of the Office of Information and 
     Regulatory Affairs.
       ``(F) The Chief Data Officers Council.'';
       (iii) in paragraph (3)--

       (I) in subparagraph (B)(ii)--

       (aa) in subclause (I), by striking ``; and'' and inserting 
     a semicolon;
       (bb) in subclause (II), by striking the period at the end 
     and inserting ``; and''; and
       (cc) by inserting at the end the following new subclause:

       ``(III) an analysis of the effects of trends of encounters 
     of inadmissible aliens at and between the ports of entry, and 
     the effect of any increases or changes in the level of trade 
     and travel, on the capacity and ability of the Department of 
     Homeland Security to interdict and prevent the unlawful entry 
     of illicit drugs into the United States by any means.''; and
       (II) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:

       ``(D) Requirement for caribbean border counternarcotics 
     strategy.--
       ``(i) Purposes.--The Caribbean Border Counternarcotics 
     Strategy shall--

       ``(I) set forth the strategy of the Federal Government for 
     preventing the illegal trafficking of drugs through the 
     Caribbean region into the United States, including through 
     ports of entry, between ports of entry, and across air and 
     maritime approaches;
       ``(II) state the specific roles and responsibilities of 
     each relevant National Drug Control Program agency for 
     implementing the strategy;
       ``(III) identify the specific resources required to enable 
     the relevant National Drug Control Program agencies to 
     implement the strategy, to the extent practicable; and
       ``(IV) be designed to promote, and not hinder, legitimate 
     trade and travel.

       ``(ii) Specific content related to puerto rico and the 
     united states virgin islands.--The Caribbean Border 
     Counternarcotics Strategy shall include--

       ``(I) a strategy to prevent the illegal trafficking of 
     drugs to or through Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin 
     Islands, including measures to substantially reduce drug-
     related violent crime on such islands; and
       ``(II) recommendations for additional assistance or 
     authorities, if any, needed by Federal, State, and local law 
     enforcement agencies relating to the strategy, including an 
     evaluation of Federal technical and financial assistance, 
     infrastructure capacity building, and interoperability 
     deficiencies.''; and

       (iv) in paragraph (5), by striking ``data'' each place it 
     appears and inserting ``evidence, data,'';
       (B) in subsection (f)--
       (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ``publicly available in a 
     machine-readable format'' and inserting the following: 
     ``publicly available as an open Government data asset (as 
     such term is defined in section 3502 of title 44, United 
     States Code)'';
       (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting after ``searchable 
     format'' the following: ``available for bulk download to the 
     extent practicable''; and
       (iii) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows:
       ``(3) Data.--The data included in the Drug Control Data 
     Dashboard shall be updated annually with final data, and to 
     the extent practicable, updated quarterly with provisional 
     data, that aligns with the goals of the performance 
     measurement system required under subsection (h) and include, 
     at a minimum, the following:
       ``(A) For each substance identified by the Director as 
     having a significant impact on illicit drug use in the United 
     States, data sufficient to--
       ``(i) assess supply reduction efforts, including, to the 
     extent practicable, the total amount of substances seized;
       ``(ii) assess drug use behaviors;
       ``(iii) estimate the prevalence of substance use disorders;
       ``(iv) show the number of fatal and non-fatal overdoses; 
     and
       ``(v) assess the provision of substance use disorder 
     treatment.
       ``(B) Any quantifiable measures the Director determines to 
     be appropriate to detail progress toward the achievement of 
     the goals of the National Drug Control Strategy, including, 
     to the extent practicable, data disaggregated by specific 
     geographic areas or sub-populations of interest.
       ``(C) Data sufficient to assess the effectiveness of such 
     substance use disorder treatments.
       ``(D) To the extent practicable, data sufficient to show 
     the extent of prescription drug diversion, trafficking, and 
     misuse in the calendar year and each of the previous 3 
     calendar years.
       ``(E) Any quantifiable measures the Director determines to 
     be appropriate to detail progress toward the achievement of 
     the goals of the National Drug Control Strategy, including to 
     the extent practicable, data disaggregated by specific 
     geographic areas or sub-populations of interest.''; and
       (C) in subsection (g)(2)--
       (i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ``narcotics'' and 
     inserting ``drugs'';
       (ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking ``drug use'' and 
     inserting ``illicit drug use and misuse''; and
       (iii) in subparagraph (F), by striking ``drug use'' and 
     inserting ``illicit drug use and misuse'';
       (6) in section 707 (21 U.S.C. 1706)--
       (A) in subsection (l)(2)(F), by inserting ``and authorities 
     enforcing illicit drug trafficking laws'' after ``task 
     forces'';
       (B) in subsection (m)(2), by inserting ``, authorities 
     enforcing illicit drug trafficking laws,'' after 
     ``agencies'';
       (C) in subsection (p)--
       (i) in paragraph (5). by striking ``; and'' and inserting a 
     semicolon;
       (ii) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end 
     and inserting ``; and''; and
       (iii) by inserting at the end the following new paragraph:
       ``(7) $298,579,000 for each of fiscal years 2025 through 
     2031.'';
       (D) in subsection (r)(3), by striking ``addiction'';
       (E) in subsection (s)--
       (i) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ``The 
     Director'' and inserting ``Except as provided in subsection 
     (t)(2), the Director'';
       (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ``; and'' and inserting 
     a semicolon;
       (iii) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end 
     and inserting ``; and''; and
       (iv) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(4) enhancing fentanyl seizure and interdiction 
     activities.''; and
       (F) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(t) Supplemental Grants for Fentanyl Interdiction 
     Activities.--
       ``(1) Minimum allocation of funds for fentanyl interdiction 
     activities.--Of the amounts allocated for grants under 
     subsection (s), not less than $5,000,000 shall be allocated 
     for the purpose of making grants under subsection (s)(4).
       ``(2) Additional funds.--In addition to amounts allocated 
     under subparagraph (A) for the purpose of making grants under 
     subsection (s)(4), the Director may use amounts otherwise 
     appropriated to carry out this section for such purpose.
       ``(u) Additional Judiciary Prosecutorial Resources.--
       ``(1) Temporary reassignment of assistant united states 
     attorneys.--
       ``(A) Authority.--The Attorney General may identify 
     assistant United States attorneys who may be made available 
     for temporary reassignment under subsection (b)(2) for a 
     period of time determined by the Attorney General in 
     coordination with the Director, during which an assistant 
     United States attorney shall prioritize the investigation and 
     prosecution of organizations and individuals trafficking in 
     fentanyl or fentanyl analogues.
       ``(B) Extension of reassignment.--Such reassignment may be 
     extended by the Attorney General for such time as may be 
     necessary to conclude any ongoing investigation or 
     prosecution in which the assistant United States attorney is 
     engaged.
       ``(2) Process for temporary reassignment.--The Attorney 
     General may establish a process under which the Director, in 
     consultation with the Executive Boards of each designated 
     high intensity drug trafficking area, may request such an 
     assistant United States attorney to be so temporarily 
     reassigned.
       ``(v) Use of Funds To Combat Fentanyl Trafficking.--
       ``(1) Requirement.--As part of the documentation that 
     supports the President's annual budget request for the 
     Office, the Director shall submit to Congress a report 
     describing the use of HIDTA funds for the purposes of 
     enhancing fentanyl seizure and

[[Page H6321]]

     interdiction activities under subsection (s)(4) or (t) and to 
     investigate and prosecute organizations and individuals 
     trafficking in fentanyl or fentanyl analogues in the prior 
     calendar year.
       ``(2) Contents.--The report shall include--
       ``(A) the amounts of fentanyl or fentanyl analogues seized 
     by HIDTA-funded initiative in the area during the previous 
     year; and
       ``(B) law enforcement intelligence and predictive data from 
     the Drug Enforcement Administration showing patterns and 
     trends in abuse, trafficking, and transportation in fentanyl 
     and fentanyl analogues.
       ``(w) Protection From Unreasonable Search and Seizure.--Any 
     program or activity that receives funds made available under 
     this section shall be conducted in a manner consistent with 
     the requirements of the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution 
     of the United States.
       ``(x) Report on Data Analytical Services Program.--
       ``(1) Report.--With respect to the Data Analytical Services 
     program (formally known as Hemisphere), and any successor 
     program, the Director shall submit to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability and the Committee on the 
     Judiciary of the House of Representatives, and the Committee 
     on the Judiciary of the Senate a report every two years on 
     any activities of the program--
       ``(A) funded by the Office; and
       ``(B) carried out in two years prior to the submission of 
     the report.
       ``(2) Contents of report.--The report required by paragraph 
     (1) shall include the following:
       ``(A) A documentation of any activities of the Data 
     Analytical Services program, including--
       ``(i) the amount of searches conducted for each HIDTA; and
       ``(ii) each requesting local law enforcement jurisdiction.
       ``(B) Information on how the program was funded and how 
     funds were expended under the program, including information 
     on any--
       ``(i) funding sources derived from each HIDTA's funding 
     allocation for a HIDTA, or any other source of funding, for 
     the program; and
       ``(ii) payments made by the program to any non-governmental 
     entity or external vendor.
       ``(C) A description of any policies and guidelines provided 
     to HIDTA personnel and local law enforcement jurisdictions 
     governing the operation of the program in order to ensure 
     that such program does not infringe on rights protected under 
     the Fourth Amendment or violate legally protected privacy of 
     United States citizens or individuals legally in the United 
     States, along with any recommendations by the Director to 
     strengthen such policies and guidelines.'';
       (7) in section 709(f)(1) (21 U.S.C. 1708(f)(1))--
       (A) by striking ``shall'' and inserting ``may'';
       (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``abuse'' and 
     inserting ``use or misuse''; and
       (C) in subparagraph (D)(i), by striking ``addiction 
     issues'' and inserting ``substance use disorders'';
       (8) in section 709 (21 U.S.C. 1708)--
       (A) in subsection (f)(2)(B)(iii), by inserting after 
     ``professionals'' the following: ``including experts in 
     evidence-based media campaigns, education, and evaluation''; 
     and
       (B) in subsection (g), by striking ``2023'' and inserting 
     ``2031'';
       (9) in section 711 (21 U.S.C. 1710), including the 
     headings, by striking ``Command and Control Plan'' each place 
     it appears and inserting ``Strategic Plan''; and
       (10) in section 714 (21 U.S.C. 1711), by inserting before 
     the period at the end the following: ``and $20,000,000 for 
     each of fiscal years 2025 through 2031''.
       (b) Amendments to the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988.--The 
     Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988 (Public Law 100-690) is amended--
       (1) in section 1024 (21 U.S.C. 1524)--
       (A) in subsection (a), by inserting before the period at 
     the end the following: ``and $109,000,000 for each of fiscal 
     years 2025 through 2031''; and
       (B) in subsection (b), by striking ``8 percent'' and 
     inserting ``10 percent''; and
       (2) in section 1032(b) (21 U.S.C. 1532(b))--
       (A) by striking ``$125,000'' each place the term appears 
     and inserting ``$150,000''; and
       (B) in paragraph (3)--
       (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the 
     following:
       ``(A) In general.--Subject to subparagraph (F), the 
     Administrator may award up to 2 additional grants under this 
     paragraph to an eligible coalition awarded a grant under 
     paragraph (1) or (2) for any first fiscal year after the end 
     of the 4-year or 9-year period following the period of the 
     initial or subsequent grant under paragraph (1) or (2), as 
     the case may be.'';
       (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``a renewal grant'' 
     and inserting ``up to 2 renewal grants'';
       (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ``an additional 
     grant'' and inserting ``the additional grants''; and
       (iv) by striking subparagraph (D) and inserting the 
     following:
       ``(D) Renewal grants.--Subject to subparagraph (F), the 
     Administrator may award a renewal grant to a grant recipient 
     under this paragraph for each fiscal year of the 4-fiscal-
     year period following the first fiscal year for which an 
     additional grant under this paragraph is awarded in an amount 
     not to exceed the amount of non-Federal funds raised by the 
     coalition, including in-kind contributions, for that fiscal 
     year.''.
       (c) Reauthorization of the National Community Anti-Drug 
     Coalition Institute.--Section 4(d) of Public Law 107-82 (21 
     U.S.C. 1521 note) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and 
     inserting the following:
       ``(2) Disbursement.--The Director shall, using amounts 
     authorized to be appropriated by section 1024 of the Anti-
     Drug Abuse Act of 1988 (21 U.S.C. 1524), disburse $2,500,000 
     made available under subsection (a), for each of the fiscal 
     years 2025 through 2031.''.
       (d) Reauthorization of Community-based Coalition 
     Enhancement Grants to Address Local Drug Crises.--Section 103 
     of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (21 
     U.S.C. 1536) is amended--
       (1) in subsection (a)--
       (A) in paragraph (1)--
       (i) in the heading, by striking ``Administrator'' and 
     inserting``assistant secretary''; and
       (ii) by striking ``Administrator'' each place it appears 
     and inserting ``Assistant Secretary'';
       (B) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ``abuse'' and 
     inserting ``use or misuse''; and
       (C) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ``abuse'' and 
     inserting ``use or misuse'';
       (2) in subsection (b), by striking ``Administrator'' and 
     inserting ``Assistant Secretary'';
       (3) in subsection (h), by striking ``Administrator'' and 
     inserting ``Assistant Secretary''; and
       (4) in subsection (i), by inserting before the period at 
     the end the following: ``and $5,200,000 for each of fiscal 
     years 2025 through 2031''.
       (e) Report Regarding Life-saving Opioid Antagonists or 
     Reversal Agents.--
       (1) Amendment.--The Office of National Drug Control Policy 
     Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109-469) is amended 
     by adding at the end the following new section:

     ``SEC. 1121. REQUIREMENT FOR LIFE SAVING OPIOID OVERDOSE 
                   REVERSAL STUDY.

       ``(a) Finding.--Congress finds that it is vital to support 
     access to treatment and emergency intervention tools to 
     address drug addiction while also pursuing strategies to 
     ensure communities have readily available access to life-
     saving drug overdose reversal medications, including opioid 
     antagonists or reversal agents, such as naloxone, in case of 
     an emergency.
       ``(b) Report.--Not later than 180 days after the date of 
     the enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of 
     National Drug Control Policy shall submit to Congress a 
     report that contains the following:
       ``(1) A summary of the relevant roles, responsibilities, 
     and authorities of each relevant National Drug Control 
     Program agency to ensure that life-saving drug overdose 
     reversal medications are readily available in case of an 
     emergency, including life-saving opioid antagonists or 
     reversal agents, such as naloxone, across the Nation.
       ``(2) A strategy for the Federal Government to ensure that 
     State, local, and Tribal governments, and agencies thereof 
     including law enforcement and public health and safety 
     entities, have life-saving drug overdose reversal medications 
     readily available in case of an emergency, including life-
     saving opioid antagonists or reversal agents, such as 
     naloxone, which at a minimum identifies--
       ``(A) any Federal and State policies and actions necessary 
     for the relevant National Drug Control Program agencies to 
     take to address--
       ``(i) the challenges faced by pharmacists, prescription 
     drug providers, dispensers (including manufacturers, 
     distributors, and retailers), and other health care 
     providers, to make such medications readily available to 
     patients over the counter for emergency use;
       ``(ii) the challenges faced by pharmacists, health care 
     providers, and State health officials to educate the public 
     on the risks and benefits of such medications, including how 
     to effectively use such medications; and
       ``(iii) the appropriate training of State and local health 
     care providers and first responders on the use of such 
     medications; and
       ``(B) identifies any budgetary resources, personnel 
     resources, licensing requirements, and legal authorities that 
     relevant National Drug Control Program agencies needs to 
     enable the availability of such life-saving emergency drug 
     overdose medications;
       ``(3) A summary of policies in effect before the submission 
     of the report that are administered by--
       ``(A) the Director of the Office National Drug Control 
     Policy;
       ``(B) the Secretary of Health and Human Services; and
       ``(C) each National Drug Control Program agency, as 
     applicable.
       ``(4) A summary of the specific actions taken over the 
     previous 10 years before the submission of the report by the 
     Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration and 
     the Drug Enforcement Administration to coordinate with one 
     another and with State health agencies to ensure that--
       ``(A) such treatments, including medications, are 
     accessible to the public; and
       ``(B) appropriate public education on the use of, and the 
     risks and benefits of, such treatments, including 
     medications, are readily available.
       ``(c) Updates.--Any significant update made to the strategy 
     included in the report required by paragraph (2)(B) after 
     such report is submitted shall be included in the next 
     National Drug Control Strategy submitted to Congress after 
     such update is made.''.

[[Page H6322]]

       (2) Technical and conforming amendment.--The Table of 
     Contents for the Office of National Drug Control Policy 
     Reauthorization Act of 2006 is amended by adding at the end 
     the following new item:

``Sec. 1121. Requirement for Life Saving Opioid Overdose Reversal 
              Study.''.
       (f) Report on Pill Press Machines.--Not later than 120 days 
     after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of 
     the Office of Drug Control Policy shall make public a report 
     that includes an analysis of and a description of strategic 
     ways to regulate the shipment of pill press machines and 
     their critical parts using reports previously prepared by the 
     Office.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. Comer) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky.


                             General Leave

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Kentucky?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, the Office of National 
Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act.
  We have a drug overdose crisis in this country. It is unacceptable 
and intolerable. In 2019, roughly 70,000 people in the United States 
died of an overdose. In 2021, that number rose to over 106,000, and in 
2022, to over 111,000 deaths.
  In 2023, overdose deaths remained over 100,000 with 107,000 Americans 
dying of an overdose. Overdose deaths remain near record highs. This is 
an ongoing, deadly national emergency that affects every community in 
our Nation.
  The Office of National Drug Control Policy, or ONDCP, was established 
in the Executive Office of the President with the specific mission to 
coordinate the government-wide resources to combat the loss of life and 
human misery caused by illicit narcotics and overdoses.
  This bill, the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization 
Act of 2024, will reauthorize ONDCP and two critical grant programs the 
office administers at current spending levels for the next 7 years.
  Specifically, the bill will reauthorize the High Intensity Drug 
Trafficking Areas Program, which helps local law enforcement coordinate 
efforts to take down drug traffickers, and the Drug Free Communities 
Program, which works in communities across the country to prevent young 
people from ever trying drugs in the first place.
  I commend the great Americans who work hard to get results through 
the Drug Free Communities coalitions. We listen to these coalitions and 
ensure that the grant limitation for local communities was increased 
from $125,000 to $150,000 and gave the ONDCP Director the ability to 
award up to two additional grants to eligible coalitions rather than 
the previous limit of one.
  I thank Congressman John Duarte of California and Congresswoman 
Elissa Slotkin of Michigan for their efforts to reauthorize HIDTA. Key 
elements of this bipartisan bill, H.R. 7185, have been incorporated 
into this reauthorization bill to ensure that HIDTA resources are used 
to combat fentanyl, including granting the Attorney General the 
authority to temporarily reassign U.S. attorneys to prioritize fentanyl 
trafficking.
  I am sure that every single member of this committee and every Member 
of this Congress knows constituents and their families who have been 
tragically impacted by illicit narcotics, especially synthetic opioids 
like fentanyl. No drug has affected our communities more in recent 
years than fentanyl.
  The DEA has assessed that virtually all of the deadly fentanyl found 
in the United States is mass-produced by transnational criminal 
organizations in Mexico using precursor chemicals sourced from China 
and then smuggled into the United States across the southwest border.
  This bill requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to assess how 
an increase in encounters at the southwest border affects DHS' ability 
to prevent the unlawful entry of fentanyl and other illicit drugs into 
the United States.
  It also directs the ONDCP Director to coordinate with the Departments 
of Homeland Security, Justice, and State to ensure that the appropriate 
agencies are properly resourced to ensure that traffickers of illicit 
drugs are held accountable under title 8 immigration authorities.
  I thank Congresswoman Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico and Congresswoman 
Stacey Plaskett of the U.S. Virgin Islands for their work on H.R. 920, 
and ensuring that the Caribbean Border Counternarcotics Strategy is 
codified in this reauthorization package ensuring that ONDCP will 
properly assess the threat of drug trafficking into the United States 
through the Caribbean.
  I thank Ranking Member Raskin and his staff for working with us to 
make this important bill a reality over the past year.
  H.R. 9598 represents an important reauthorization effort in the House 
Committee on Oversight and Accountability's legislative jurisdiction. I 
also thank the chairs and ranking members of the Energy and Commerce 
Committee and House Judiciary Committee and their professional staff 
for closely coordinating on our shared jurisdiction within this bill.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bipartisan 
bill so we can keep the U.S. Government's collective resources focused 
on addressing the national drug crisis in our great country.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority for working together with us to 
bring this bipartisan legislation to reauthorize the Office of National 
Drug Control Policy, or ONDCP, to the floor.
  The office has the critical responsibility to coordinate the whole-
of-government response to the Nation's continuing brutal addiction and 
substance abuse crisis, which affects every community in the land.
  In the face of this crisis, new data shows that opioid overdose 
deaths have decreased 14.5 percent over the 12-month period ending on 
June 30, 2024, due, in no small part, to the strong actions of the 
Office of National Drug Control Policy.
  To understand the addiction and overdose crisis, the Biden-Harris 
administration sees the need to address the problem at both the levels 
of supply and demand. ONDCP has taken decisive action to intercept the 
flow of fentanyl and other illicit substances into the country.

  This reauthorization will further bolster our efforts to block the 
supply of drugs, including by funding the High Intensity Drug 
Trafficking Areas Program providing more than $275 million in grant 
making to law enforcement entities that will help keep illicit and 
harmful drugs off of our streets.
  The reauthorization also confronts the problem by countering the 
demand for illegal drugs. The Drug Free Communities Program, for 
example, brings together approximately 35,000 people across the country 
to help prevent and combat youth substance abuse.
  I am proud this authorization would make sure that this successful 
grant program continues. Research shows also that harm-reduction 
strategies, programs that meet people where they are, work. Under the 
Biden-Harris administration, ONDCP has adopted harm-reduction 
strategies as part of the national campaign to address the addiction 
crisis and save lives.
  The office has supported community access to naloxone, syringe 
service programs, and fentanyl test strip distribution. The legislation 
will allow the office to continue these harm-reduction programs and 
will direct an evidence-based examination of opioid reversal 
medications, like naloxone.
  During last year's hearing examining reauthorization, we discussed 
the importance of empowering ONDCP to identify and respond to new and 
emerging illegal drug threats, including Xylazine, a street drug that 
is used by veterinarians as a tranquilizer for large animals. This 
legislation will enable the office to continue this work as new threats 
come to market and begin to besiege our communities.

[[Page H6323]]

  I thank the chairman and his staff for working with us on this 
bipartisan legislation in a bipartisan way, and I am happy to support 
reauthorization through 2031.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Puerto Rico (Mrs. Gonzalez-Colon).
  Mrs. GONZALEZ-COLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 
9598, the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 
2024, of which I am an original cosponsor.
  I am pleased this legislation includes my bill, H.R. 920, the 
Caribbean Border Counternarcotics Strategy Act, to combat drug 
trafficking from the Caribbean region into the United States with a 
particular focus on Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
  The smuggling of illicit drugs across our Nation's borders poses a 
major threat to our communities, fueling both the overdose epidemic and 
drug-related violent crime. To tackle this, Congress has tasked the 
Office of National Drug Control Policy, or ONDCP, with overseeing and 
coordinating the Federal Government's counterdrug efforts.
  This includes the development and implementation of the National Drug 
Control Strategy every 2 years. By law, this strategy must also include 
supplemental strategies to prevent drug trafficking across the 
southwest and the northern border.
  In response to congressional directives placed in appropriations 
reports, ONDCP has also previously released strategies to combat the 
flow of illegal drugs coming through our third border in the Caribbean.
  However, unlike the existing statutory requirement to issue the 
Southwest Border and the Northern Border Counternarcotics Strategies, 
there is currently no requirement in statute to develop this Caribbean 
Border Counternarcotics Strategy despite the ongoing threats we face 
from drug traffickers operating in the region.
  For instance, according to data shared by the U.S. Coast Guard with 
my office, the known maritime cocaine flow in the U.S. moving through 
the Caribbean grew from 652 metric tons in fiscal year 2020 to 950 
metric tons in fiscal year 2023, an almost 46 percent increase in this 
4-year period.
  This proves that transnational criminal organizations continue to 
rely on Caribbean smuggling routes to transport illegal drugs and 
endanger communities across the Nation.
  Nowhere is this risk more apparent than in Puerto Rico and the U.S. 
Virgin Islands, home to 3.3 million Americans and where the illicit 
activities of drug traffickers contribute to violence and higher-than-
average homicide rates.
  Just in fiscal year 2023 alone, Federal law enforcement authorities 
seized over 80,000 kilograms of drugs in and around the two 
territories. Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands are also used as 
transshipment points to smuggle drugs into the mainland.
  Law enforcement agencies estimate that anywhere between 70 and 80 
percent of the drugs that enter Puerto Rico are then transported to the 
continental U.S. This underscores that the threats posed by Caribbean-
based drug traffickers are national in scope and require that the 
Federal Government has the necessary strategy in place to strengthen 
interdiction operations in the region.

  That is why we introduced H.R. 920, the Caribbean Border 
Counternarcotics Strategy Act, which will codify the requirement for 
ONDCP to include a Caribbean Border Counternarcotics Strategy in the 
National Drug Control Strategy, just as it is required by law to 
include a Southwest Border and a Northern Border Counternarcotics 
Strategy.
  Additionally, to crack down on the financing schemes and money 
laundering operations that support the illicit narcotics trade, H.R. 
920 will amend the definition of supply reduction in ONDCP's 
authorization to ensure the National Drug Control Strategy and its 
supplemental border strategies explicitly include activities to track 
and disrupt the financial networks of drug trafficking organizations.
  I thank Chairman Comer and his staff for working with us to 
incorporate my bill within H.R. 9598, the bipartisan Office of National 
Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2024. I also recognize 
Ranking Member Raskin for his support, and I thank Congresswoman Stacey 
Plaskett who was my co-lead on the Caribbean Border Counternarcotics 
Strategy Act, as well as Senator Rick Scott and Senator Alex Padilla 
who introduced the Senate companion bill.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 9598.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from 
Puerto Rico for her kind words. We have no further speakers, and I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from 
California (Mr. Duarte).
  Mr. DUARTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the commonsense 
bipartisan Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act 
of 2024. I thank Chairman Comer and Ranking Member Raskin for including 
provisions from legislation I introduced, the High Intensity Drug 
Trafficking Area Reauthorization Act, in this package to help combat 
the fentanyl and drug epidemic in California's central valley and 
across the United States.

                              {time}  1345

  The Federal High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program, or the 
HIDTA Program, allows Federal, State, and local law enforcement 
officials to share intelligence and pool resources to help get these 
dangerous drugs off of our streets and out of our schools. They do this 
through 33 individual HIDTAs that have been designated around the 
country, including throughout my district.
  In 2022, the Central Valley California HIDTA seized over 1.4 million 
dosages of fentanyl, 3,000 kilograms of methamphetamine, 355 kilograms 
of cocaine, and 101 kilograms of heroin. These seizures of illegal 
drugs are exponentially higher for the United States. However, the 
HIDTA Program expired in 2023.
  The version of my HIDTA bill included in this larger package would 
authorize $298.5 million in funding for the HIDTA Program, a $18.5 
million increase; renew this program through fiscal year 2031; and make 
$5 million available to individual HIDTAs across the country to further 
enhance their fentanyl seizure and interdiction activities.
  In addition, I commend the local prosecutors and district attorneys 
in my community who work hard every day to put drug traffickers behind 
bars, but resources can be limited, and California's soft-on-crime and 
lenient bail policies don't help. These partnerships between Federal 
and local prosecutors are critical to putting these high-volume drug 
traffickers in prison for decades, not months. That is what Federal 
prosecution can do.
  Included in this package are additional provisions for my bill that 
would empower the U.S. Attorney General to assign Federal prosecutors, 
known as assistant U.S. attorneys, to individual HIDTAs to investigate 
and prosecute organizations and individuals who are trafficking in 
fentanyl in the United States to the fullest extent of Federal law--
decades, not months.
  I am proud to have worked with local sheriffs and DAs in the valley 
to develop my HIDTA bill, and I appreciate their support for this 
important legislation that will help our communities become safer.
  I again thank Chairman Comer and Ranking Member Raskin for working 
with me on my HIDTA bill and including provisions on this program in 
the ONDCP package we are considering now. It is critical to ensure that 
law enforcement has the necessary tools and resources to continue to 
fight against fentanyl and the drug crisis across the United States. 
Protecting our communities and families is not a partisan issue.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 9598.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this 
very important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Moore of Utah). The question is on the 
motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 9598, as amended.
  The question was taken.

[[Page H6324]]

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds 
being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.
  The yeas and nays were ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further 
proceedings on this motion will be postponed.

                          ____________________








[Page H6324]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                  SGT BILL HOOSER POST OFFICE BUILDING

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 8717) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 20 West Main Street in Santaquin, Utah, as the ``SGT 
Bill Hooser Post Office Building''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8717

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SGT BILL HOOSER POST OFFICE BUILDING.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 20 West Main Street in Santaquin, Utah, 
     shall be known and designated as the ``SGT Bill Hooser Post 
     Office Building''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``SGT Bill Hooser Post Office Building''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. Comer) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky.


                             General Leave

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 
5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Kentucky?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, which would rename a 
post office located in Utah to honor Sergeant Hooser.
  Sergeant Hooser served as a law enforcement officer in Utah, where he 
was promoted up the ranks and proudly served as corporal, detective, 
and sergeant.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  I rise in proud support of H.R. 8717. Sergeant Bill Hooser, who, as I 
understand it, is not a Hoosier from Indiana but rather is from Utah, 
launched his career in law enforcement when he joined the Santaquin 
City Police Department in 2017.
  In February 2024, this year, he was promoted to sergeant for his 
strong commitment to keeping communities safe.
  He was tragically killed on duty on May 5 of this year. We extend our 
very sincere condolences to his family, his friends, and the whole 
community that was traumatized by his death.
  This legislation would honor Sergeant Hooser's legacy by naming the 
post office in Santaquin after him.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for introducing the legislation. I 
urge passage of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Utah 
(Mr. Owens).
  Mr. OWENS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of a true hero, 
Sergeant Bill Hooser, whose life was tragically taken on May 5, 2024, 
in the line of duty.
  Sergeant Hooser dedicated himself to protecting our communities, 
serving first in the San Juan County Sheriff's Office in New Mexico and 
later joining the Santaquin City Police Department in Utah in 2017.
  Just this last February, he was promoted to sergeant, a testament to 
his dedication and leadership.
  Sergeant Hooser gave 29 years of his life to his family--a devoted 
husband, a loving father to two daughters, and a proud grandfather. He 
also gave himself fully to his community, sacrificing everything to 
keep others safe.
  On May 5, 2024, he was struck and killed by a tractor-trailer during 
a high-speed chase on Interstate 15. His courage and selflessness are 
the very embodiment of what we ask of our law enforcement officers each 
day.
  Utah has not faced a line-of-duty death since 2020, but this loss is 
a stark and sobering reminder of the risks our officers take every time 
they put on their uniforms.
  Sergeant Hooser's passing is a wound in the heart of our State and a 
call for all of us to reflect on the cost of the safety and security we 
often take for granted.
  Today, we have an opportunity to honor Sergeant Hooser's legacy in a 
lasting and meaningful way. My legislation, cosponsored by the entire 
Utah House delegation, will name the Santaquin post office the Sergeant 
Bill Hooser Post Office Building.
  This act ensures that Sergeant Hooser's sacrifice is remembered by 
future generations. It is a small gesture in the face of an immense 
loss, but it carries a profound message: Utah will not forget its 
heroes.
  I say to Sergeant Hooser's family that their loss is immeasurable, 
and their grief is shared by our grateful State. May God comfort them 
and give them strength. To our law enforcement officers across the 
country, know that we see you, we value you, and we stand with you.
  Let us come together today to pass this legislation and honor 
Sergeant Bill Hooser's courage, sacrifice, and enduring legacy.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my House colleagues to support 
this bill honoring Sergeant Hooser, and I yield back the balance of my 
time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 8717.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6324-H6325]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    SFC SHAWN McCLOSKEY POST OFFICE

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 8919) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 151 Highway 74 South in Peachtree City, Georgia, as 
the ``SFC Shawn McCloskey Post Office''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8919

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SFC SHAWN MCCLOSKEY POST OFFICE.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 151 Highway 74 South in Peachtree City, 
     Georgia, shall be known and designated as the ``SFC Shawn 
     McCloskey Post Office''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``SFC Shawn McCloskey Post Office''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. Comer) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky.


                             General Leave

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 
5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Kentucky?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill that would rename a post 
office in Georgia for Sergeant First Class Shawn P. McCloskey.
  In response to the 9/11 terrorist attacks, McCloskey enlisted in the 
Army after his graduation from North Cobb High School. On September 16, 
2009,

[[Page H6325]]

McCloskey was conducting a mounted patrol in Afghanistan when his 
vehicle was fatally struck by an improvised explosive device, an IED.
  I support naming a post office in memory of Sergeant First Class 
McCloskey, and I encourage my colleagues to support this bill.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 8919. Shawn McCloskey was a 
member of the 3rd Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group, as an engineer 
sergeant in Fort Bragg, North Carolina.
  While serving as an intelligence sergeant, Army Sergeant First Class 
McCloskey made the ultimate sacrifice on September 16, 2009, when he 
was killed by enemy forces on his third deployment to Afghanistan.
  I urge passage of this legislation, which would honor his legacy and 
the sacrifice of Sergeant McCloskey and his family by naming a post 
office after him.
  If I could add, Mr. Speaker, I just want to say something about the 
process by which we adopt post office namings because I am not sure 
that the whole Congress, much less the public, understands what we do.
  This has been, for decades, a bipartisan process where a Member who 
is seeking to get a post office named after someone in his or her 
district will go and get the support of every member of that 
delegation, whether it is the Kentucky delegation, as in the case of 
the distinguished chairman, or the Maryland delegation in my case, and 
so on.
  Once all the members of that delegation on a bipartisan basis, if it 
is bipartisan, have signed off, then it comes to our committee. We 
package them together and bring them to the floor precisely because we 
don't want it to be a matter of controversy. It should be a unifying 
thing for us when the beautiful thing occurs of naming a post office 
after someone.
  Alas, we have a problem, and I am hoping that our experienced and 
talented chairman will help us resolve it. Apparently, in the Texas 
delegation, there are people who are refusing to sign on to bills on a 
bipartisan basis, and that is causing a lot of rancor. It is causing a 
lot of division, and we don't want this whole thing to blow up. We 
don't want it to be said that this is the first Congress in decades 
that can't even name a post office after someone.
  I would just urge the chairman to work with us to help our colleagues 
in Texas get to yes and to return to what has been protocol, policy, 
and custom in the Oversight Committee for the last several decades.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Before I yield, I might add to what Mr. Raskin said. There was also a 
bill that the minority party had that didn't get all the delegation in 
his home State of Maryland, but we passed that bill through the 
committee as well.
  I understand what his argument is, but again, both post offices were, 
I think, of the utmost importance to the sponsors and the majority of 
each State's delegation.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from 
Georgia (Mr. Ferguson), who will be greatly missed upon his retirement 
from this great body.

                              {time}  1400

  Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 
8919, which designates the United States Post Office in Peachtree City, 
Georgia, as the Sergeant First Class Shawn McCloskey Post Office.
  After working in construction since graduating from North Cobb High 
School, Sergeant First Class McCloskey enlisted in the Army in response 
to 9/11.
  Sergeant First Class McCloskey was killed in action on September 16, 
2009. It was during his third deployment in Afghanistan when an IED 
struck his vehicle. He was conducting a mounted patrol in the Afghan 
city of Ghur Ghuri in support of operations while serving with Company 
B, 3rd Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group.
  Mr. Speaker, Sergeant First Class McCloskey earned the title of Green 
Beret as a Special Forces Engineer Sergeant and was awarded the Bronze 
Star Medal, Purple Heart Medal, Army Commendation Medal, the National 
Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, 
Non-Commissioned Officer Professional Deployment Ribbon, NATO Medal, 
Combat Infantryman Badge, Senior Parachutist Badge, Special Operations 
Diver Supervisor Badge, and the Special Forces Tab.
  Sergeant First Class McCloskey left behind his wife, Jessica; his two 
children, Katie and Collin; as well as his parents, Patrick and 
Kathryn; and many other friends and family.
  Although this Nation can never fully repay Sergeant First Class 
McCloskey for making the ultimate sacrifice, renaming this post office 
is a solemn tribute to his courageous service and ultimate sacrifice.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I restate our strong support for the post office being 
named after Mr. McCloskey in honor of his service and his sacrifice and 
in recognition of the sacrifice of his whole family.
  I am sorry to intrude on Mr. McCloskey's time here by just returning 
to the general problem we are having.
  I thank the chairman for his remarks, and I thank him also for 
helping us to pair together a post office favored by a Member of the 
minority with a post office favored by a Member of the majority, both 
of whom did not get the complete support of their delegations. We 
paired them together and we have decided to proceed in a bipartisan way 
to make that happen.
  I am just addressing the general problem that seems to be spinning 
out of control a little bit where there are Members who are 
deliberately blocking unanimous consensus within their State, and that 
is going to create real problems. We don't want it to be a tit-for-tat 
situation where we have legislative sharpshooters trying to bring down 
post office namings in someone else's district or someone else's State.
  I hope we can sit together and have a meeting and brainstorm about 
this for the next session because this is, obviously, at the very 
lowest level of Maslow's hierarchy of legislative need. However, if we 
can't even get together to do the postal namings as we have done for 
decades, it doesn't hold a lot of promise for bigger things like the 
budget, climate change, and so on.
  I do hope the chairman will work with us in trying to address both 
the specific State eruptions that have occurred, and let's hope that we 
can keep them from spilling outward. That is not any kind of finger-
pointing. We have had the problem on both sides, as the chairman knows. 
Let's just see what we can do to restore what I think has been a very 
good tradition, custom, and policy for several decades.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this 
bill honoring Sergeant First Class Shawn McCloskey, and I yield back 
the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back 
the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Valadao). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 8919.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6325-H6327]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 JIMMY AND ROSALYNN CARTER POST OFFICE

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 9600) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 119 Main Street in Plains, Georgia, as the ``Jimmy 
and Rosalynn Carter Post Office''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 9600

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. JIMMY AND ROSALYNN CARTER POST OFFICE.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 119

[[Page H6326]]

     Main Street in Plains, Georgia, shall be known and designated 
     as the ``Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter Post Office''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter Post Office''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. Comer) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky.


                             General Leave

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
include extraneous material on this suspension.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Kentucky?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill which would rename a post 
office in Plains, Georgia, for Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter.
  Jimmy Carter married Rosalynn Carter in 1946. Jimmy Carter served as 
the Governor of Georgia until 1974 before serving as President of the 
United States from 1977 to 1981.
  During their time in the White House, Mrs. Carter worked tirelessly 
to assist refugees escaping Cambodia's genocide and was a strong 
proponent for mental health.
  I might add, Mr. Speaker, I may not have agreed with all of President 
Carter's policies. From a historical standpoint, I was a very young boy 
when he was President. I have always been a fan of the Carter family, 
their great Christianity and their great support for Habitat for 
Humanity, and I believe that President Carter will go down in history 
as one of the greatest former Presidents in the United States of 
America.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of H.R. 9600.
  President Carter was a great patriot, a great humanitarian, and a 
great citizen. He, of course, was a member of the Georgia State Senate. 
He wrote a beautiful book about his rise in politics. He was the 
Governor of Georgia, and he is, at 100 years old, I think our longest 
lived President that we ever had.
  He did remarkable things in office, and he did remarkable things when 
leaving office. His wife, Rosalynn Carter, was an extraordinary first 
lady, beloved by our whole country. We are going to urge passage of 
this legislation.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. 
Bishop) for any remarks he may have on this occasion.
  Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for 
yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise as the sponsor of H.R. 9600, legislation to 
designate the United States Postal facility in Plains, Georgia, as the 
Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter Post Office.
  President Jimmy Carter and First Lady Rosalynn Carter dedicated their 
lives in service to their community, their country, and the world. 
Together they rose to the greatest heights, supporting and cherishing 
one another along the way as they helped people across Georgia, 
America, and across the globe.
  Yet, no matter where they went, they remained grounded and humble, 
and Plains always remained home in their hearts.
  Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter both grew up in Plains and attended Plains 
High School. They married in 1946 and would go on to spend 77 cherished 
years together until Mrs. Carter's passing in November of 2023.
  President Carter graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 
1946 and was an Active-Duty servicemember for 7 years. Following the 
death of his father, Jimmy took over the family's struggling peanut 
farm, quickly turning its fortunes around with Rosalynn's help and 
support every step of the way.
  Wanting to be more involved in the local Plains community, Jimmy 
began advocating for racial integration at his church. He ran and won a 
seat on the Sumter County School Board and served as its chairman for 2 
years.
  In 1962, Jimmy Carter decided to run for the Georgia State Senate 
where he would go on to serve two terms.
  In 1970, Senator Jimmy Carter launched his campaign for Governor, and 
Rosalynn took a leading role on the campaign trail.
  Following Jimmy Carter's election as Governor, Mrs. Carter served as 
Georgia's first lady from 1971 to 1975, where she would take on the 
role of her husband's most trusted adviser and confidante.
  In his inaugural address as Governor, he famously declared that the 
time for racial discrimination is over.
  Mrs. Carter made her own mark in public policy, serving on the 
Governor's Commission to Improve Services for the Mentally and 
Emotionally Handicapped.
  Governor Jimmy Carter completed his term in January of 1975. Prior to 
moving back to Plains from Atlanta, Governor Carter had already 
announced his intention to make what would become his successful run 
for the Presidency of the United States in the 1976 election.
  As President, Jimmy Carter showed great success in international 
affairs, delivering the Camp David Accords, Panama Canal Treaties, SALT 
II Treaty, and the establishment of diplomatic relations with the 
People's Republic of China.
  He also delivered on his domestic agenda, signing legislation to 
establish the United States Department of Education, expanding the Head 
Start program, successfully making America less dependent on foreign 
energy, and protecting millions of acres of public lands for future 
generations.
  As an equal partner to her husband, Rosalynn Carter attended many 
Cabinet meetings and attended weekly business meetings with President 
Carter where she could draw his attention to the policy issues of the 
day.
  In 1977, President Carter appointed Rosalynn the honorary chair of 
the President's Commission on Mental Health. Thanks to her advocacy and 
testimony before the United States Senate, the Congress passed the 
Mental Health Systems Act when it was signed into law by President 
Carter on October 7, 1980.

  Following the Carters' loss in the 1980 Presidential election, Jimmy 
and Rosalynn continued their ministry of service after their time in 
the White House with the same vigor and urgency, becoming heavily 
involved in Habitat for Humanity.
  In 1982, they founded The Carter Center, a nonprofit human rights 
organization, which has since become famous for its work eradicating 
disease, strengthening democracies, and alleviating human suffering all 
around the world.
  In 1999, Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter were jointly awarded the 
Presidential Medal of Freedom, the Nation's highest civilian honor, by 
President Bill Clinton, and in 2002, President Carter received the 
Nobel Peace Prize for decades of untiring effort to find peaceful 
solutions to international conflict, to advance democracy and human 
rights, and to promote economic and social development.
  On a personal note, it has been a privilege to call Jimmy and 
Rosalynn Carter my friends and fellow southwest Georgians for over five 
decades. I will always cherish their friendship, as well as their sage 
counsel and advice which has been invaluable to me as I have served in 
Congress.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to support H.R. 9600, 
legislation to designate the U.S. Postal facility in Plains, Georgia, 
as the Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter Post Office. This is a small but 
meaningful gesture we can make to honor two dedicated servant leaders 
who spent their lives working on behalf of others.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.
  I thank Representative Bishop for those beautiful and eloquent words. 
I am not sure in the extraordinary encyclopedia of President Carter's 
accomplishments if the gentleman from Georgia had a chance to mention 
his work with Habitat for Humanity, but I got a chance to work on a 
Habitat for Humanity project once with President Carter, and that is an 
indelible experience in my mind.

[[Page H6327]]

  He is someone who operated with great compassion, as Lincoln said: 
``With malice toward none; with charity for all.''
  I thank the gentleman for doing this.
  That will be an amazing post office for people to be able to go to, 
and people will be able to travel there with pride.
  Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance 
of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill to 
designate a post office for Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter, two people who 
lived a purpose-driven life that is a model for Americans. They have 
done a lot for the community of Plains, Georgia, as well as all across 
America and the world for that matter.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill, and I yield back the 
balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 9600.
  The question was taken.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds 
being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.
  The yeas and nays were ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further 
proceedings on this motion will be postponed.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6327-H6328]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1415
              BENJAMIN BERELL FERENCZ POST OFFICE BUILDING

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 6116) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 14280 South Military Trail in Delray Beach, Florida, 
as the ``Benjamin Berell Ferencz Post Office Building''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 6116

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. BENJAMIN BERELL FERENCZ POST OFFICE BUILDING.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 14280 South Military Trail in Delray 
     Beach, Florida, shall be known and designated as the 
     ``Benjamin Berell Ferencz Post Office Building''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Benjamin Berell Ferencz Post Office 
     Building''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. Comer) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky.


                             General Leave

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Kentucky?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, which would rename a 
post office in Delray Beach, Florida, for Benjamin Berell Ferencz.
  Benjamin Ferencz was an American lawyer and investigator of Nazi war 
crimes following World War II. He served as the chief prosecutor of the 
United States Army at the Einsatzgruppen Nuremberg trials. I encourage 
my colleagues to support the renaming of the post office after Benjamin 
Berell Ferencz.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support and great pride in this 
legislation, H.R. 6116.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. 
Lois Frankel) for any remarks she may have.
  Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair and 
ranking member for their help in bringing this bill to the floor.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise with immense pride to support my bill to name a 
post office in Delray Beach, Florida, after Benjamin Berell Ferencz, a 
Congressional Gold Medal recipient, a man whose life was a master class 
in courage, justice, and humanity.
  I am deeply honored to say that Mr. Ferencz was my constituent, who 
enjoyed the latter years of his life in a vibrant community of retirees 
called Kings Point, where he was not only a neighbor, but an 
inspiration to those who knew him.
  The post office is situated in the very community where Mr. Ferencz 
and his neighbors lived, and it will stand as a daily reminder of his 
incredible life and legacy and bring much pride to the community.
  Mr. Ferencz' story is extraordinary. He was the last living Nuremberg 
prosecutor when he passed away at the remarkable age of 103.
  During World War II, Mr. Ferencz served in an antiaircraft military 
unit in the U.S. Army before being assigned to gather evidence of Nazi 
crimes. That assignment led him to witness firsthand the horrors of the 
concentration camp, where millions of Jews and others were 
systematically murdered. He later described that experience as having 
peered into hell.
  At just 27 years old, with remarkable courage and resolve, Ben served 
as the chief prosecutor in one of the Nuremberg trials, what scholars 
have called the biggest murder trial in history. It was his first case 
as a lawyer, and he successfully prosecuted 22 high-ranking Nazi 
officials responsible for the deaths of over 1 million people.
  His work set a global standard for justice and accountability and 
made clear that even the most powerful perpetrators of evil would face 
consequences.
  His fight for justice did not end in the courtroom. For the rest of 
his life, he was a tireless advocate for global peace, for human 
rights, and the rule of law. He believed in building a better and more 
compassionate world where atrocities would never happen again.
  Now more than ever, Mr. Speaker, his legacy calls to us because anti-
Semitism is on the rise, with 2023 marking the highest recorded 
incidences in U.S. history.
  The Jewish people and, indeed, all who value justice and tolerance 
are facing growing threats. Mr. Ferencz warned us that creating a world 
of tolerance and compassion would be a long and arduous task, and that 
task remains unfinished.
  By naming this post office after Mr. Ferencz, we honor not only the 
man, but also the principles he dedicated his life to: justice, 
dignity, and the fight against hatred and division. It is a reminder 
for all of us to stand against the forces of hate and division and 
recommit to building a future defined by justice and humanity.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from 
Florida (Ms. Lois Frankel) for bringing this forward.
  Mr. Ferencz was, indeed, a great lawyer, a great humanitarian, and a 
great defender of freedom and democracy. We are proud to be able to 
push this legislation forward.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman 
from North Carolina (Ms. Manning).
  Ms. MANNING. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. 
Raskin), my friend, for yielding time to me.
  I also thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Lois Frankel), my good 
friend, for her efforts to recognize the hard work and dedication of 
Benjamin Ferencz by naming a post office in his honor.
  Mr. Speaker, in the wake of World War II and the Holocaust, Mr. 
Ferencz bravely prosecuted Nazis during the Nuremberg trials. Mr. 
Ferencz' family fled Jewish persecution in Romania and immigrated to 
the United States when he was just a baby.
  He later studied law and joined the U.S. Army. Through his military 
service and his tireless pursuit of justice at the Nuremberg trials, he 
proved himself to be a true American patriot.

[[Page H6328]]

  At a time of rising anti-Semitism, both globally and in this country, 
it is crucial to honor Mr. Ferencz. He fought to hold accountable those 
responsible for anti-Semitic actions that led to the unprecedented 
murder of 6 million innocent Jews.
  Today, as I mentioned, we are seeing a frightening rise of anti-
Semitism all across our country and around the globe, and we are seeing 
the growth of Holocaust deniers, people who deny that the 6 million 
Jews were murdered in cold blood. These are people who blame these 
deaths on the victims themselves.
  We are seeing victim blaming in other instances of anti-Semitism--for 
example, what just happened in Amsterdam.
  Ben Ferencz knew the truth of what happened, and he was willing to 
hold people accountable.
  As the first Jewish Member of Congress elected from my home State of 
North Carolina, it is both a privilege and an honor to recognize a 
fellow Jew who served his country and his people with distinction and 
honor. Mr. Ferencz was the embodiment of the Biblical instruction: 
``Justice, justice you shall pursue.''
  Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Ms. Frankel, for her efforts to 
make sure this post office is named for such a deserving honoree.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from 
North Carolina (Ms. Manning), my colleague and, indeed, my cousin, for 
her thoughtful and eloquent remarks about Mr. Ferencz.
  Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers, and I yield back the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this legislation. I urge 
my colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 6116.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Page H6328]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                  LARRY LAVAGNINO POST OFFICE BUILDING

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 7158) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 201 East Battles Road in Santa Maria, California, as 
the ``Larry Lavagnino Post Office Building''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7158

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. LARRY LAVAGNINO POST OFFICE BUILDING.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 201 East Battles Road in Santa Maria, 
     California, shall be known and designated as the ``Larry 
     Lavagnino Post Office Building''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Larry Lavagnino Post Office Building''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. Comer) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Ocasio-
Cortez) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky.


                             General Leave

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Kentucky?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, which would rename a 
post office in Santa Maria, California, for Larry Lavagnino.
  Larry is a longtime Santa Maria resident, as well as a Navy veteran. 
He served on the Santa Maria City Council as mayor.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7158.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 3\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from California 
(Mr. Carbajal) for any remarks he may have.
  Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage every Member of 
this Chamber to support my legislation honoring the legacy and service 
of one of the favorite sons of Santa Maria, California, former mayor 
and veteran, Larry Lavagnino.
  My bill would name the post office in Santa Maria in recognition of 
Larry Lavagnino's steadfast love and service for Santa Maria, including 
10 years as its mayor from 2002 to 2012.
  Larry's story is homegrown. He started as a local kid, attending 
Santa Maria schools, including Santa Maria Union High School and Allan 
Hancock College. After earning his degree, he served in the United 
States Navy for 4 years.
  After the Navy, he returned home and began his service to Santa Maria 
as a supervisor's staff member in county government.
  Later, after an extensive career in the private sector, he continued 
his public service as a city council member, then as mayor.
  During his time as mayor, Santa Maria saw a new library, transit 
center, three new fire stations, a new police department building, the 
expansion of the wastewater treatment plant, and much more.
  He also secured more than $46 million in Federal funding for 
improvements to the Santa Maria River Levee, which protects thousands 
of homes and businesses. Thanks to his service as mayor, his leadership 
in Santa Maria Valley Beautiful and the Elks Lodge, and his work in 
many other roles, Santa Maria would not be the same place without him.
  His championing of bipartisanship, a Republican working across the 
aisle with Democrats to get things done, is exactly the kind of spirit 
we need more of here in Washington. Every community should be so lucky 
to have a Larry Lavagnino.
  Mr. Speaker, again, I ask my colleagues to join me in this 
recognition so we can thank Larry; his wife, Donna; and his children 
for his incredible career of service by passing my bill to name the 
Santa Maria post office in his honor.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time 
for the purposes of closing.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 7158, and I yield back the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill, and I yield back 
the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 7158.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6328-H6329]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       GLADYS P. TODD POST OFFICE

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 7508) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 1285 Emancipation Highway in Fredericksburg, 
Virginia, as the ``Gladys P. Todd Post Office''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7508

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. GLADYS P. TODD POST OFFICE.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 1285 Emancipation Highway in 
     Fredericksburg, Virginia, shall be known and designated as 
     the ``Gladys P. Todd Post Office''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Gladys P. Todd Post Office''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from

[[Page H6329]]

Kentucky (Mr. Comer) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Ocasio-
Cortez) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky.


                             General Leave

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Kentucky?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, which would rename a 
post office in Fredericksburg, Virginia, for Gladys P. Todd.
  Gladys Todd was a revered schoolteacher and community organizer who 
was active in Fredericksburg's civil rights movement. She was known for 
her work as a voting rights advocate and contributed to Fredericksburg 
electing its first Black mayor.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7508.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Ms. 
Spanberger) for any remarks she may have.
  Ms. SPANBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an 
extraordinary Virginian, Gladys P. Todd, whose legacy of service, 
advocacy, and dedication to advancing civil rights has left an 
indelible mark on the city of Fredericksburg, Virginia, and beyond.
  I am proud to lead legislation to rename a post office in 
Fredericksburg to the Gladys P. Todd Post Office in recognition of her 
pioneering work and her relentless advocacy.

                              {time}  1430

  Mrs. Todd was a force for justice and a force for good. She was an 
organizer, an educator, and a lifelong member of the NAACP. She fought 
for equality and opportunity, and she was active in the local civil 
rights movement across Fredericksburg and the greater Commonwealth. She 
was known for her tireless work with the NAACP Youth Division, where 
she helped Black children and teens learn, grow, and thrive.
  From establishing a playground to founding the Youth Canteen, a 
community center for young local students, she worked to make sure that 
young people across Fredericksburg had a safe place to connect, learn, 
and grow.
  Mrs. Todd was also a passionate voting rights advocate. Her work 
played a pivotal role in the election of Fredericksburg's first Black 
mayor. She made Fredericksburg a more inclusive and equitable place, 
and her work continues to inspire the community today.
  Renaming this post office in her honor is a small but meaningful way 
to guarantee that her contributions are remembered for generations and 
that her work is present far into the future.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from Virginia for their unanimous 
support of this legislation. As we are looking to honor this incredible 
woman, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 7508, and 
I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my House colleagues to support 
this bill honoring an influential advocate, Gladys P. Todd, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 7508.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6329-H6330]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




               CHIEF MICHAEL MALONEY POST OFFICE BUILDING

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 8868) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 609 Portsmouth Avenue in Greenland, New Hampshire, 
as the ``Chief Michael Maloney Post Office Building''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8868

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. CHIEF MICHAEL MALONEY POST OFFICE BUILDING.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 609 Portsmouth Avenue in Greenland, New 
     Hampshire, shall be known and designated as the ``Chief 
     Michael Maloney Post Office Building''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Chief Michael Maloney Post Office 
     Building''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. Comer) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Ocasio-
Cortez) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky.


                             General Leave

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Kentucky?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, which would rename a 
post office located in Greenland, New Hampshire, to honor Chief Michael 
Maloney.
  After high school, Michael joined the Army Reserve and later became 
the chief of the Greenland Police Department in 2000. Michael was 
tragically killed in the line of duty on April 12, 2012, only 8 days 
out from his retirement.
  Mr. Speaker, I support naming a post office in honor of Chief Michael 
Maloney. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 8868.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Hampshire 
(Mr. Pappas) for any remarks he may have.
  Mr. PAPPAS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I 
thank the chair and ranking member for bringing my bill to the floor.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation to designate the 
United States Postal Service facility located at 609 Portsmouth Avenue 
in Greenland, New Hampshire, as the Chief Michael Maloney Post Office 
Building.
  Chief Maloney was a dedicated public servant, community leader, and 
law enforcement professional who served his country in the Army 
Reserves and served his State as a police officer, rising to the rank 
of chief of the Greenland Police Department in the year 2000.
  Tragically, on April 12, 2012, Chief Maloney was killed in the line 
of duty, just 8 days before his retirement, while participating in a 
drug raid operation with the New Hampshire Attorney General's Drug Task 
Force. He was just 48 years old.
  Michael Maloney grew up in North Hampton, New Hampshire. After 
graduation, he enlisted in the Army Reserves, graduated from the New 
Hampshire Police Academy, and began a 26-year career in law 
enforcement.
  Chief Maloney is remembered as someone who was bigger than life, who 
was always quick to crack a joke, and who always had a smile on his 
face, even on the worst of days.
  He is remembered as someone who cared deeply about his community and 
worked with purpose and passion each and every day to make it safer and 
stronger.
  When thinking about the impact he left on those he knew and worked 
with, one story, shared on the 10-year anniversary of his death, 
underscores his leadership and dedication carried by all those in law 
enforcement. After a long day that stretched late into the morning, 
responding to the death of their leader, mentor, and friend, the 
remaining members of the Greenland Police Department were told to stay 
home the

[[Page H6330]]

next day. It is a credit to their commitment and resolve that by 8 
a.m., they all returned to work.
  Twelve years have passed since the death of Chief Maloney, but his 
legacy lives on. It is a small token of our thanks and appreciation 
that we can name this post office in Chief Michael Maloney's honor to 
remind future generations of that legacy, his tremendous service, and 
the sacrifice he gave on behalf of the community that he loved.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 8868, and 
I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge my House colleagues to support this 
bill honoring Chief Michael Maloney, and I yield back the balance of my 
time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 8868.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6330-H6331]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




            CAPTAIN ROBERT E. ``BOB'' BATTERSON POST OFFICE

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 10065) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 802 North Tancahua Street in Corpus Christi, Texas, 
as the ``Captain Robert E. `Bob' Batterson Post Office''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 10065

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. CAPTAIN ROBERT E. ``BOB'' BATTERSON POST OFFICE.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 802 North Tancahua Street in Corpus 
     Christi, Texas, shall be known and designated as the 
     ``Captain Robert E. `Bob' Batterson Post Office''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Captain Robert E. `Bob' Batterson Post 
     Office''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. Comer) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Ocasio-
Cortez) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky.


                             General Leave

  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Kentucky?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, which would rename a 
post office located in Texas to honor Captain Robert E. Batterson.
  Captain Batterson served in the U.S. Navy for 35 years and was 
stationed at Pearl Harbor during the 1941 attack.
  In retirement, he spent 26 years as a volunteer at the Pearl Harbor 
exhibit in the USS Lexington Museum in Corpus Christi.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the naming of a post 
office in honor of Captain Batterson, and I reserve the balance of my 
time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, Captain Robert Batterson, better known as Bob, served 
for more than three decades in the U.S. Navy. While stationed at Pearl 
Harbor, Captain Batterson witnessed a surprise attack on the U.S. naval 
base on December 7, 1941. This military strike on Pearl Harbor, as 
then-President Franklin Delano Roosevelt stated to the Nation, is ``a 
day which will live in infamy.''
  In the years following, Captain Batterson served at the naval air 
station in Corpus Christi, Texas, and later in the Supply Corps.
  After retiring from the U.S. Navy, Captain Batterson continued 
volunteer work to educate the public about Pearl Harbor. This 
legislation will honor the service and legacy of Captain Batterson.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas 
(Mr. Cloud).
  Mr. CLOUD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 10065 to name a 
post office in Corpus Christi in memory of Captain Robert ``Bob'' 
Batterson.
  Captain Batterson's life is a life of service and a testament to the 
very best of American character.
  In 1939, he enlisted in the U.S. Navy, setting sail on his life's 
journey of dedicated and devoted service to our Nation.
  In 1941, he was stationed at Pearl Harbor and survived the attack 
that thrust America into World War II. That same resilience carried him 
to Naval Air Station Corpus Christi, where he earned his wings in 1944 
and flew F6F Hellcats in defense of our Nation.
  Captain Batterson's service continued long after World War II as he 
transitioned to the Navy Supply Corps, serving faithfully until his 
retirement in 1974.
  Over the course of his 35-year military career, he exemplified duty 
and honor, but Captain Batterson didn't stop serving when he took off 
the uniform. For 26 years, he volunteered at the USS Lexington Museum 
in Corpus Christi, where he could often be found at the Pearl Harbor 
exhibit, sharing his firsthand accounts of the attack on Pearl Harbor 
and other personal stories of valor from the war with visitors from 
around the world. His personal stories preserved a living history, 
ensuring future generations understood the sacrifices made for freedom.

  Captain Batterson passed away last year at the age of 102 years 
young, leaving behind his wife, Hilda, and an indelible legacy of 
service and patriotism. His dedication to his community and his country 
will not be forgotten.
  In naming this post office in his honor, we commemorate a life of 
extraordinary service to our country and the Corpus Christi community. 
Captain Batterson's name will continue to inspire all who pass through 
its door, reminding us of the courage and sacrifice that define our 
Greatest Generation and should continue to inspire our current and 
future generations.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill 
to honor a true American hero. May God bless Captain Batterson's 
memory, his family, the city of Corpus Christi, and our beloved Nation.
  Mr. Speaker, as someone who had the opportunity to know him 
personally, there is no one who could be more worthy of this honor.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, our committee's protocols for 
considering postal naming measures require the entire State delegation 
to be cosponsors. That is a protocol that has been in place for 
decades.
  While limited exceptions have been made in the past, this bill 
currently has only 27 cosponsors from Texas' 38 members. We are, of 
course, supportive on the substance of the legislation and are 
absolutely supportive of honoring the legacy of the Representative's 
constituent, and we would simply urge mindfulness toward the committee 
rules.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate and agree with hopefully the 
next ranking member of the House Oversight Committee, and there are two 
bills we are talking about, including the one for Mr. Mfume, that 
didn't meet those requirements.
  Hopefully, that will not ever happen again in the future, but I will 
make that point again to the new speaker on the other side of the 
aisle.
  Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of 
my time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 10065, and 
I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I might add they have nowhere to go but up in 
the ranking member category on that side of the aisle, and I appreciate 
my friend from New York City.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage everyone to support this legislation, and I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by

[[Page H6331]]

the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 10065.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Page H6331]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1445
        ARMY 1ST LT. JOHN KUULEI KAUHAIHAO POST OFFICE BUILDING

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 8909) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 82-6110 Mamalahoa Highway in Captain Cook, Hawaii, 
as the ``Army 1st Lt. John Kuulei Kauhaihao Post Office Building''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8909

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. ARMY 1ST LT. JOHN KUULEI KAUHAIHAO POST OFFICE 
                   BUILDING.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 82-6110 Mamalahoa Highway in Captain Cook, 
     Hawaii, shall be known and designated as the ``Army 1st Lt. 
     John Kuulei Kauhaihao Post Office Building''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Army 1st Lt. John Kuulei Kauhaihao Post 
     Office Building''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. Langworthy) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Ocasio-
Cortez) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York.


                             General Leave

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from New York?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  I rise in support of this bill, which would rename a post office in 
Hawaii for First Lieutenant John Kuulei Kauhaihao.
  Mr. Kauhaihao exhibited exceptional heroism while serving under the 
1st Cavalry Division against armed forces in the Republic of Vietnam. I 
support naming a post office in memory of First Lieutenant Kauhaihao, 
and I encourage my colleagues to support this bill.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 8909.
  I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. Tokuda) for any 
remarks she may have.
  Ms. TOKUDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in strong support of H.R. 
8909.
  In January of this year, The Wall That Heals, a replica of the 
Vietnam Veterans Memorial on The National Mall made its inaugural visit 
to the island of Hawaii. It was there in front of West Panel 18 that I 
met Shirley Kauhaihao, the widow and high school sweetheart of Army 
First Lieutenant John Kuulei Kauhaihao. She and her daughters were 
putting flowers and a lei in front of line 40 where his name is etched.
  On September 5, 1969, at the age of 27, Lieutenant Kauhaihao, or 
Lieutenant K, as he was affectionately called, was leading his men on a 
reconnaissance in force operation in Tay Ninh province when his platoon 
came under enemy fire. With extraordinary courage, he launched over 30 
hand grenades in 15 minutes at enemy bunkers while simultaneously 
drawing fire on himself, so that his men could sight enemy gunners.
  Eventually, he ordered the withdrawal of his platoon and crawled over 
100 meters of fire-swept terrain, dragging vital equipment and helping 
wounded soldiers to safety. While they moved to rejoin their company, 
Lieutenant K saw an enemy squad moving up on his platoon and quickly 
moved to engage. He was mortally wounded that day. It was the fourth 
birthday of his son, Charles.
  For his bravery and sacrifice, Lieutenant K was posthumously awarded 
the Distinguished Service Cross, our Nation's second highest combat 
award. His fearless and selfless actions at the cost of his life 
reflect great honor upon himself, his family, and the ``ahupua'a'' 
``land division'' of Honaunau where he was born and where he lived.
  Naming the post office in the community where generations of 
Lieutenant K's family lived and still live is more than just honoring 
and celebrating a fallen ``kama'aina'' ``local resident'' warrior who 
gave his life for our Nation.
  It is a tribute to an entire generation of men and women who served 
in Vietnam and who came back to a country that took far too long to 
honor their service and that is still trying to make this right.
  It is a reminder of the incredible sacrifices made by those who serve 
in uniform and the loved ones waiting at home--past, present, and 
future--to whom we are forever indebted and who allow us to live in 
freedom today.
  That day in Hilo, standing next to Shirley as she pointed out 
Lieutenant K's name on the wall to me, I couldn't help but feel like he 
had finally come home.
  Mr. Speaker, 55 years have passed since Lieutenant K's death, and his 
widow, children, and generations of their ``mo'opuna'' 
``grandchildren'' have continued to live in service to their community, 
the island of Hawaii, and the State of Hawaii.
  Passing H.R. 8909 to designate the United States Post Office in 
Captain Cook, Hawaii, as the Army First Lieutenant John Kuulei 
Kauhaihao Post Office is a tribute to him and the legacy of service 
that lives on through the lives he saved and through his ``family'' 
``ohana.''
  Every day when Shirley heads into town or goes to volunteer at the 
Greenwell Botanical Gardens, she passes by that post office. I hope 
seeing John's name each time she drives by will make her feel like he 
is a little closer to home and that he will never be forgotten.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair and ranking member of the committee 
for their work on this bill.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am 
prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I also have no further speakers. I 
urge the passage of H.R. 8909 and yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I am honored and proud to support this 
legislation to honor a true American hero, First Lieutenant Kauhaihao. 
I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. Langworthy) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 8909.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6331-H6332]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 CAPTAIN MIGUEL JUSTIN NAVA POST OFFICE

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 9285) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 3913 Leland Avenue Northwest in Comstock Park, 
Michigan, as the ``Captain Miguel Justin Nava Post Office''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 9285

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. CAPTAIN MIGUEL JUSTIN NAVA POST OFFICE.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 3913 Leland Avenue Northwest in Comstock 
     Park, Michigan, shall be known and designated as the 
     ``Captain Miguel Justin Nava Post Office''.

[[Page H6332]]

       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Captain Miguel Justin Nava Post 
     Office''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. Langworthy) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Ocasio-
Cortez) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York.


                             General Leave

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from New York?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  I rise in support of this bill, which would rename a post office in 
Michigan for Captain Miguel Justin Nava.
  After graduating from Comstock Park High School in 2013, Nava 
attended the United States Naval Academy. He was commissioned into the 
Marine Corps to become a pilot and later promoted to the rank of 
captain in November of 2021.
  I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance 
of my time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 9285.
  I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms. Scholten) for 
any remarks she may have.
  Ms. SCHOLTEN. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased that my bill to rename the 
Comstock Park, Michigan, post office after Captain Miguel Justin Nava 
is being brought up for consideration today.
  Captain Nava is an American hero. He represented the best of west 
Michigan. It is only right that his legacy is remembered in the 
community that helped raise him.
  A true son of west Michigan, Captain Nava was widely admired and 
respected throughout the community. After graduating from Comstock Park 
High School, Captain Nava was nominated by former Congressman Justin 
Amash, who previously represented my district. He attended the United 
States Naval Academy. He was then commissioned to the Marine Corps to 
become a pilot, earning his wings in July of 2020. He was promoted to 
the rank of captain in 2021.
  Captain Nava earned several decorations for his service, including 
the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal and the National Defense 
Service Medal and the Sea Service Deployment Ribbon.
  He was tragically killed while serving his country in a helicopter 
training exercise in February of this year. He is survived by a loving 
family whom he cherished, including the love of his life, his wife 
Ryann Isabelle Andres; his young son, Luca; his parents, Lisa and 
Javier; his brother, Nikolas, along with his grandparents and in-laws 
and many other family members who keep his legacy alive.
  Getting to know Captain Nava's family and learning about his 
incredible legacy has been one of the true privileges of my service and 
representation of this district. I was proud to lead a moment of 
silence earlier this year honoring Captain Nava and his three fellow 
marines who were killed in the training exercise and later to welcome 
his body home to Grand Rapids at the Gerald R. Ford International 
Airport.
  The groundswell of support for this bill that we have received both 
from the Comstock Park community and Captain Nava's fellow marines has 
been nothing short of inspiring. Passing this bill is the least we can 
do for a man who lived his life with honor and integrity in service to 
our Nation.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am 
prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 9285, and 
I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my House colleagues 
to support this bill honoring Captain Miguel Justin Nava, an American 
hero. I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. Langworthy) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 9285.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6332-H6333]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              JUDGE JAMES R. WILLIAMS POST OFFICE BUILDING

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 9322) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 675 Wolf Ledges Parkway in Akron, Ohio, as the 
``Judge James R. Williams Post Office Building''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 9322

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. JUDGE JAMES R. WILLIAMS POST OFFICE BUILDING.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 675 Wolf Ledges Parkway in Akron, Ohio, 
     shall be known and designated as the ``Judge James R. 
     Williams Post Office Building''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Judge James R. Williams Post Office 
     Building''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. Langworthy) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Ocasio-
Cortez) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York.


                             General Leave

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from New York?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, which would rename a 
post office in Ohio for Judge James R. Williams.
  President Jimmy Carter appointed Judge Williams as the U.S. attorney 
for the Northern District of Ohio. Judge Williams made history as the 
first African-American judge on the Summit County Common Pleas Court, 
appointed in 1989 and was reelected in 1990, 1992, and 1998.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 9322.
  I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. Sykes) for any 
remarks she may have.
  Mrs. SYKES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to 
support H.R. 9322 to designate the United States Post Office located at 
675 Wolf Ledges Parkway in Akron, Ohio, as the Judge James R. Williams 
Post Office Building.
  This bill has earned unanimous bipartisan support from every member 
of the Ohio delegation, and I thank my colleagues from the Ohio 
delegation for lending their names to this bill.
  Judge James R. Williams lived an impressive and meaningful life that 
continues to impact Ohio's 13th Congressional District through his 
life's work as a civil rights leader, city councilman, civic leader, 
judge, scholar, and veteran.
  Born in Columbus, Mississippi, Judge Williams moved to Ohio following 
Active-Duty service in the United States Army. He attended the 
University of Akron and was one of the first Black students to graduate 
from the university's school of law, blazing a trail for a more 
inclusive and diverse legal field.

[[Page H6333]]

  After law school, Mr. Williams went into private practice until 1978, 
when he was appointed as the United States attorney for the Northern 
District of Ohio by President Jimmy Carter. Six years later, he was 
appointed as judge for the Akron Municipal Court and elected to that 
court in 1985 and 1987.
  Judge Williams became the first Black judge to serve on the Summit 
County Court of Common Pleas when he was appointed to the bench in 
1989. He was elected three more times, serving the people of Summit 
County, including presiding over several high-profile cases of national 
importance.
  Mr. Speaker, if I may, I had the opportunity to work with Judge 
Williams when I was a summer law clerk at the Akron Municipal Court, 
and he was a tough but fair jurist. He reminded me that coming to the 
court, you will see people who are experiencing perhaps the worst day 
of their life, and you have to remember that your job is to provide 
justice and kindness to those before you.
  Judge Williams' distinguished service continued in his private life 
as a civil rights activist and leader for many civic organizations, 
including as secretary of the Akron NAACP and vice-president of the 
Ohio NAACP.

                              {time}  1500

  Mr. Speaker, on a special note, Judge Williams was elected as the 
25th general president of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Incorporated, the 
oldest intercollegiate fraternity for Black men, where he was the 
principal founder of the Alpha Phi Alpha Homes, Incorporated, a 
visionary nonprofit responsible for building 1,600 housing units in 
northeast Ohio, including low-income and senior housing units in 10 
northeast Ohio communities.
  Today is Alpha Phi Alpha's 118th celebration. I can't think of a more 
fitting way to recognize the fraternity and its 25th general president 
than with the naming of this post office.
  Judge Williams was a legal luminary whose unwavering dedication to 
justice paved the way for future generations of leaders in Akron and 
across the country. I am proud to lead the effort to rename the Wolf 
Ledges Post Office in Akron to honor his memory and to serve as a 
reminder of the ongoing impact of his legacy on our community.
  Sadly, Judge Williams passed away in 2020. Upon his passing, his 
wife, Jewell, offered these words from an old hymn that summed up his 
character which said: May the work I have done speak for me. May the 
service I give speak for me.
  Mr. Speaker, I hope you and all of my colleagues will join me in 
honoring Judge James Williams' lifetime of accomplishments and legacy 
of service by voting in favor of this bill.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this legislation, 
and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I am 
prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge 
the passage of H.R. 9322, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my House colleagues to 
support this bill to acknowledge the great life of Judge Williams and 
all of the service that he gave his community.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. Langworthy) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 9322.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6333-H6334]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      MAYOR ROB GORDON POST OFFICE

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 9421) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 108 North Main Street in Bucoda, Washington, as the 
``Mayor Rob Gordon Post Office''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 9421

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. MAYOR ROB GORDON POST OFFICE.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 108 North Main Street in Bucoda, 
     Washington, shall be known and designated as the ``Mayor Rob 
     Gordon Post Office''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Mayor Rob Gordon Post Office''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. Langworthy) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Ocasio-
Cortez) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York.


                             General Leave

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from New York?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill which honors Mayor Rob 
Gordon by naming a post office in his memory.
  Mayor Gordon was a lifelong resident of southwest Washington. He was 
elected mayor of Bucoda, a town of approximately 580 residents, in May 
2021, and served until his passing.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 9421.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington 
(Ms. Perez) for any remarks she may have.
  Ms. PEREZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mayor Rob Gordon of 
Bucoda, who passed away this June after a 7-month battle with stomach 
cancer. Rob Gordon was born in Centralia, Washington, and remained a 
lifelong, loyal resident of southwest Washington. He was elected mayor 
of Bucoda, a town of about 580 people, in May of 2021, and served as 
its mayor until his passing.
  Before and during his tenure as mayor, Rob was the assistant chief of 
the Bucoda Fire Department where he had been serving as a firefighter 
since he was 16 years old.
  In addition to his decades of public service, Mayor Gordon also 
worked for his family's company, which he co-owned with his brother, 
driving dump trucks and log trucks. Outside of work, he enjoyed raising 
cattle on his family farm, collecting old International Tractors, and 
he passed down his love of fixing stuff to his children, Jakob and 
Anna.
  It is fitting to rename this post office after Rob, a place where 
rural neighbors convene and routine and profound work is done quietly, 
diligently, and honorably. Honor, diligence, and community were all 
qualities that Rob exemplified.
  On behalf of Rob's family, his fellow firefighters, and friends 
across Bucoda and southwest Washington, and with the support of the 
Bucoda Town Council and Thurston County Board of Commissioners, it is 
my privilege to lead this bill to honor Rob's life of service.
  Mr. Speaker, I look forward to its being signed into law. I encourage 
all of my colleagues to support this bill.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 9421, and 
I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to honor Mayor 
Gordon, a man deeply committed to his community, by supporting this 
postal naming.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. Langworthy) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 9421.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

[[Page H6334]]

  

                          ____________________








[Page H6334]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





                  ELIZABETH FURSE POST OFFICE BUILDING

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 9549) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 125 South 1st Avenue in Hillsboro, Oregon, as the 
``Elizabeth Furse Post Office Building''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 9549

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. ELIZABETH FURSE POST OFFICE BUILDING.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 125 South 1st Avenue in Hillsboro, Oregon, 
     shall be known and designated as the ``Elizabeth Furse Post 
     Office Building''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Elizabeth Furse Post Office Building''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. Langworthy) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Ocasio-
Cortez) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York.


                             General Leave

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from New York?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill which would rename a post 
office in Oregon after Elizabeth Furse. Ms. Furse was the first woman 
to be elected to Oregon's First District and the first African-born 
person to win a seat in the House of Representatives from Oregon.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 9549.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. 
Bonamici) for any remarks she may have.
  Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 
9549, to designate the Elizabeth Furse Post Office Building in 
Hillsboro, Oregon. I thank all of my Oregon colleagues for their 
support on this bill.
  Elizabeth Furse served northwest Oregon in Congress for 6 years. She 
was the first woman elected to represent Oregon's First Congressional 
District which I am now honored to represent.
  When she was first elected, Elizabeth was only one of 48 women in the 
House. Today, there are 127 women, thanks in part to the courageous 
example set by Elizabeth and other early congresswomen.
  Elizabeth Furse was raised in a family that valued service and 
justice. Her father served in the British Navy when she was growing up 
in Nairobi, Kenya. Her mother launched an anti-apartheid women's group, 
and her grandmother was a commandant of the British Red Cross Voluntary 
Aid during World War II. Elizabeth knew that government has the power 
protect civil rights or to threaten them.
  Beginning at her first anti-apartheid march when she was only 15 
years old, she continued her family's legacy of service by advocating 
for those at the margins and continuing through her work, speaking on 
this very floor of the House of Representatives, where she championed 
the issues of human rights and social justice.
  Elizabeth believed that Congress should look like the country it 
represents. Good policy comes when people of diverse backgrounds and 
experience shape it. We have come closer to that goal, but we have 
further to go.
  Representative Furse came to Congress to advocate for meaningful 
change. She fought for Tribal sovereignty, social justice, and peace. 
She inspired dedication to worthy causes including cofounding the 
Oregon Peace Institute. She embodied the traits public servants should 
strive to uphold.
  Elizabeth assisted countless people during her time in Congress and 
throughout her life. Her many achievements include helping the Grand 
Ronde, Klamath, and Coquille Tribes gain Federal recognition. That work 
meant a lot to her, and it certainly meant a lot to the Tribes.
  She increased access to public transportation in our region by 
extending the light rail service to Hillsboro, and she was one of the 
original founders of the bipartisan Congressional Diabetes Caucus.
  Elizabeth was a trailblazer and an inspiration to many, including me. 
She dedicated her life to service, bolstering the lives of people in 
northwest Oregon. I am privileged to have been able to call her a 
mentor and a friend.
  Elizabeth lived many places before she came to Oregon in 1978, but 
she made our State her home. She will always be remembered as one of 
the smart, courageous women who shaped Oregon today.
  When she faced adversity, she overcame it and opened the door for 
others to walk through. She pursued a nontraditional career path, and 
she fought tirelessly for justice.
  I am honored to support this legislation to recognize her 
contributions to northwest Oregon by naming this post office, which is 
close to the home where she spent her final days, in her honor so 
people will be inspired by her example for years to come.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 20 seconds to 
the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici).
  Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I know that I will continue to draw 
inspiration from her legacy and her commitment to justice.
  On behalf of her friends, family, and former constituents, I request 
that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle support this important 
bill.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 9549, and 
I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to 
honor Elizabeth Furse by supporting this bill, and I yield back the 
balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Molinaro). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. Langworthy) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 9549.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6334-H6335]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     MILLIE DUNN VEASEY POST OFFICE

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 9580) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 2777 Brentwood Road in Raleigh, North Carolina, as 
the ``Millie Dunn Veasey Post Office''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 9580

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. MILLIE DUNN VEASEY POST OFFICE.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 2777 Brentwood Road in Raleigh, North 
     Carolina, shall be known and designated as the ``Millie Dunn 
     Veasey Post Office''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Millie Dunn Veasey Post Office''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. Langworthy) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Ocasio-
Cortez) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York.


                             General Leave

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from New York?

[[Page H6335]]

  There was no objection.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill which would rename a post 
office in North Carolina after Millie Dunn Veasey.
  Committed to serving her Nation, Ms. Veasey joined the Women's 
Auxiliary Army Corps following the entrance of the United States into 
World War II.
  Ms. Veasey passed away on March 9, 2018, at the age of 100 after a 
long life of civil and Federal service.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 9580.
  I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. Ross) 
for any remarks she may have.
  Ms. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to speak in support of my bill 
naming the United States Postal Service facility at 2777 Brentwood Road 
in Raleigh after Staff Sergeant Millie Dunn Veasey.
  This legislation pays tribute to the life and legacy of Millie Dunn 
Veasey, a remarkable woman whose contributions profoundly shaped not 
only our local community but our Nation.
  Ms. Dunn Veasey's legacy began when the U.S. Army assigned her to the 
6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion as a typist. The 6888th was 
the only African-American unit in the Women's Army Corps to operate 
overseas during the war. This group of pioneering women sorted and 
delivered mail to soldiers, ensuring that they received vital letters 
from home. The unit adopted the phrase: ``No mail, low morale.''
  These courageous women knew the power that these letters held for the 
soldiers who received them. The women worked tirelessly to develop a 
new mailing system and began successfully processing up to 195,000 
pieces of mail each day.

                              {time}  1515

  Ms. Dunn Veasey's courage and determination during this time was 
instrumental in the success of this mission and the story of her 
service is one of trailblazing leadership in the face of adversity.
  After the war, Ms. Dunn Veasey returned to Raleigh and took advantage 
of the GI Bill, enrolling in Saint Augustine's University. She became 
active in the civil rights movement, working as an organizer in Raleigh 
to push for integrated public spaces.
  After serving our country honorably overseas, she came home and 
recommitted herself to the pursuit of justice and equality for all.
  In 2018, Millie Dunn Veasey passed away at the age of 100 in her 
hometown of Raleigh and was buried with distinct honor at the VA 
Raleigh National Cemetery.
  Today, we can ensure that her legacy to the Postal Service lives on 
and celebrate her place in history as a figure who changed our 
community and country for the better.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I 
urge the passage of H.R. 9580.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this legislation 
to honor veteran and activist Millie Dunn Veasey, and I yield back the 
balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. Langworthy) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 9580.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6335-H6336]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




           WALTER FRANCIS ULLOA MEMORIAL POST OFFICE BUILDING

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 8641) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 401 Main Street in Brawley, California, as the 
``Walter Francis Ulloa Memorial Post Office Building''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8641

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. WALTER FRANCIS ULLOA MEMORIAL POST OFFICE 
                   BUILDING.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 401 Main Street in Brawley, California, 
     shall be known and designated as the ``Walter Francis Ulloa 
     Memorial Post Office Building''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Walter Francis Ulloa Memorial Post 
     Office Building''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. Langworthy) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Ocasio-
Cortez) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York.


                             General Leave

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from New York?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, which would rename a 
post office in Brawley, California, after Walter Francis Ulloa.
  In 1996, Ulloa cofounded Entravision Communications, which expanded 
to be a global media outlet in over 40 countries.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 8641, for Walter Francis 
Ulloa.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. 
Ruiz).
  Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the incredible life and 
legacy of Walter Francis Ulloa, a friend and trailblazer who 
transformed Spanish-speaking television.
  Walter grew up in the under-resourced, underserved city of Brawley 
with humble beginnings and a big dream. Walter was a visionary, a 
beloved husband, father, brother, and a dear friend.
  He started his career at KMEX in Los Angeles, a Spanish language 
television station where he worked his way up from writing commentary 
to becoming the news director.
  In 1996, he cofounded Entravision Communications, which grew to 
become a global digital media powerhouse with a presence in over 40 
countries. Throughout his career, Ulloa remained deeply committed to 
diversity and Latino/Latina representation in the media.
  I introduced H.R. 8641 to designate the U.S. Post Office building in 
Brawley, California, as the Walter Francis Ulloa Memorial Post Office 
Building. My bill is a token of gratitude for Walter Ulloa's legacy, 
which continues to inspire the people in Brawley, in the entire 
California's 25th District, and our Nation.
  His legacy of service, leadership, and unwavering dedication will 
forever be a cornerstone of our community's history. I urge my 
colleagues to pass this bill.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge 
the passage of H.R. 8641, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this 
initiative to honor Walter F. Ulloa, and I yield back the balance of my 
time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. Langworthy) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 8641.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

[[Page H6336]]

  

                          ____________________








[Pages H6336-H6338]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





  UNITED STATES REPRESENTATIVE ELIJAH E. CUMMINGS POST OFFICE BUILDING

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 9544) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 340 South Loudon Avenue in Baltimore, Maryland, as 
the ``United States Representative Elijah E. Cummings Post Office 
Building''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 9544

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. UNITED STATES REPRESENTATIVE ELIJAH E. CUMMINGS 
                   POST OFFICE BUILDING.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 340 South Loudon Avenue in Baltimore, 
     Maryland, shall be known and designated as the ``United 
     States Representative Elijah E. Cummings Post Office 
     Building''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``United States Representative Elijah E. 
     Cummings Post Office Building''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. Langworthy) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York.


                             General Leave

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from New York?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, which would rename a 
post office in Baltimore after Congressman Elijah Cummings.
  Congressman Cummings was born in Baltimore on January 18, 1951, and 
was elected to the Maryland House of Delegates in 1982. In 1996, Mr. 
Cummings was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives and later 
served as the chairman of the House Oversight and Reform Committee.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in very proud support of H.R. 9544. It is a 
proud day for people of Maryland. It is a proud day for the House 
Oversight Committee.
  It is a proud day for the United States Congress that we have the 
opportunity to vote on a post office named after the late, great 
chairman of the House Oversight Committee, Elijah Cummings.
  Mr. Speaker, Elijah Cummings was a favorite son of Maryland who 
devoted his life and his career to making the government an instrument 
of the common good for everyone and uplifting everybody in our society 
together. He was always seeking that higher ground, always telling us 
in the midst of debate and discussion we are better than this, that we 
can always lift ourselves higher to find unity and consensus around the 
values that make our country great.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. 
Mfume), who is both his predecessor and his successor in office.
  Mr. MFUME. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland, the 
ranking member, for his kind and overly gracious remarks.
  Mr. Speaker, in his absence, I thank Chairman Comer who made a 
commitment several months back that we would get to this point and for 
his cosponsorship of this bill. I thank my other colleagues from the 
State of Maryland, some of whom will be speaking today.
  I rise in obvious support of this, encouraging Members of this body 
to embrace it and to say that the diligence and the collective 
commitment to your word to get us to this point means a lot to me. It 
is not lost on me. It is not lost on the people of the State of 
Maryland.
  Mr. Speaker, this legislation designates the United States Postal 
Service facility, as you heard, located at 340 South Loudon Avenue in 
Baltimore, Maryland, as the United States Representative Elijah 
Cummings Post Office Building.
  This legislation will bestow, I believe, a very fitting honor on a 
former chair of the Oversight Committee, former chairman of the 
Congressional Black Caucus, and, most importantly, an unwavering 
servant of the people in the House that we now all serve in.
  His legacy, in many respects, lives through the work that he has 
done, and this legislation will ensure once and for all that his name 
will continue to be called by the people that he so dutifully served.
  Mr. Speaker, Elijah Cummings, as was noted a moment ago, was born on 
January 18, 1951, to Ruth Elma and Robert Cummings, two South Carolina 
sharecroppers who moved to Baltimore in search of more opportunities 
during the period of the Great Migration.
  Elijah's parents worked long and hard, as did many parents in that 
era, because they were up against so many things coming out of the 
Great Depression and out of a period of war that our Nation found 
itself in.
  They worked and also served as preachers of a local church that both 
of them founded. With their teachings, his parents instilled in Elijah 
a sense of faith, justice, and morality that would go on to exemplify 
his four decades of public service.
  While they were not formally educated in the traditional sense, 
Elijah's parents made certain that all of their children understood the 
importance and the essence of education. He tirelessly worked, as many 
of you know, over and over again to earn his Phi Beta Kappa key at 
Howard University and his juris doctorate degree at the University of 
Maryland School of Law.
  Elijah knew that his story would ultimately illustrate the power of 
hard work and perseverance, and he always did that in a sense of 
believing that it would be the kind of message that young people who 
might be lost in many different ways would find a way to latch onto.

  His values instilled in that generation, we believe, a whole new 
sense of public service. As a young lawyer in 1983, Elijah was elected 
and served with distinction in the Maryland House of Delegates. I might 
say, his personal credibility and relationships with members of that 
body existed then, and they still exist now.
  He has, in many respects, given us the sort of model and the sort of 
example that we all talk about and many of us strive to attain.
  In 1996, Elijah won his first of 12 elections to this body, assuming 
the seat that I had voluntarily vacated to head up the presidency of 
the NAACP.
  Elijah's sense of fairness, his respect for others, and his 
relentless efforts to make life better for all people won him the 
respect and the admiration of his colleagues on this side of the aisle 
and his colleagues on that side of the aisle.
  He and I were friends for 42 years up until the day of his death, and 
so I carry with me a lot of memorable moments of his congressional 
career, of the time that we served together on the board at Morgan 
State University, and as our people will tell you, as part of our 
organizations, our time together learning politics in the street, 
finding a way to organize and make a real difference.
  He was the only person that I know of who continued to remind us that 
we could be better than this. I am so glad that Mr. Raskin brought that 
up.
  Mr. Speaker, I am hoping I might get an additional 30 seconds here. I 
would like to conclude. I know we are running out of time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the 
gentleman from Maryland.
  Mr. MFUME. Mr. Speaker, in this time of national division and in this 
time of great partisanship, I am reminded of when we went through 
similar periods, and it was always Elijah Cummings on this side of the 
aisle and others who would remind us that we really were better than 
this, that we really did have a higher calling.
  For me, personally, as a friend, as a former colleague, and as 
someone that

[[Page H6337]]

I admired--even though he would tell you he admired me, I admired him 
even more--it is just a great honor to bring this bill forward. I would 
ask that it is adopted today, and I thank all of those Members who 
supported this, both Democrats and Republicans, and the sponsor.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the former distinguished majority leader of the 
House of Representatives.
  Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, we are better than this. Surely, all of us 
ought to be saying that to ourselves as we conclude this Congress. We 
are better than this. You will hear that said so often when we talk 
about our friend, Elijah Cummings.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation. The Old 
Testament tells us of a man long ago who saw injustice, wrongdoing, and 
suffering and devoted his life to banishing these evils from his native 
land, a man who kept an enduring faith not only in God, but in his 
fellow men and women, a man who inspired that same faith in the people 
around him. That man was Elijah the prophet.

                              {time}  1530

  The Elijah I served with in Congress for nearly 23 years was my dear 
friend Elijah Cummings. He was like Elijah the prophet. He possessed a 
moral clarity that guided him in every part of his life.
  Whether it was protecting voting rights, alleviating poverty, 
expanding civil rights, or promoting justice, Elijah Cummings 
demonstrated principled tenacity and boundless energy when standing up 
for the causes in which he believed. He believed in this House's 
ability and sacred responsibility to better our Republic and the lives 
of each and every one of our citizens.
  It was because of that belief that he held all who served in this 
House to such a high standard of ethics, the same standard to which he 
held himself.
  When he believed this institution was falling short of that standard, 
he would demand of us, as I said at the beginning and will repeat 
again: ``We are better than this.''
  Frankly, as we sit in these extraordinary seats given to us only 
through the hands of our neighbors and friends in our districts, when 
we have the opportunity to make a decision, we ought to have resounding 
in our head that someone will say when we act that we are not better 
than this but we are what we have done. We need to be better.
  No place benefited from Elijah's principled leadership more than his 
hometown. He was a true son of Baltimore.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the 
gentleman from Maryland.
  Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, he was a true son of Baltimore, the city of 
grit, of opportunity, of hard work, and, as they would say of 
themselves, of charm.
  He loved his city, and his city loved him in return.
  Naming this post office after him pays tribute to his lifelong 
devotion to Baltimore, to democracy, to justice, to the average person, 
to every person, to his brothers and sisters, and to his country.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 10 seconds to the 
gentleman from Maryland.
  Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, we lost Elijah far too early. His memory 
continues to guide us. His example is one to which all Members of this 
institution, all Members, all Americans, and all people ought to 
aspire.
  Attaching his name to this post office will serve as a reminder to 
all who seek, in his words, ``not just common ground, but higher 
ground.''
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Sarbanes).
  Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I certainly support this legislation to 
pay tribute to the giant Elijah Cummings.
  I have so many memories of Elijah. The first memory I have is that we 
both represented Baltimore for many years together. I started to notice 
that he and I, even though we represented different parts of Baltimore, 
there would be events that were for the benefit of the entire city, and 
we would always be showing up at those together. It gave me great pride 
because I felt like that showed we had some shared values about what 
was important. His leadership in those places was unrivaled.
  A second observation I have is that--and certainly Kweisi knows this 
intimately--Elijah was always the person who the family wanted to come 
to give the eulogy at the funeral. It was because oftentimes he had a 
deep connection to the family that made a difference. They also knew 
that he would articulate what that person had meant to the community 
better than anybody else could. It was always an inspirational time 
when you would sit there and hear those powerful words with that 
powerful voice kind of enveloping you.
  The thing I remember most is the story he would tell about when he 
was sworn in and his father was sitting up in the gallery. Many of us 
know this story. His father began to cry. Afterward, Elijah went to him 
and said that he noticed that he was crying. He had never seen his 
father cry. He observed that not even when his own mother died had his 
father cried. He asked why he had been crying. His father said: You 
think it is because you became a Congressman, don't you?
  Elijah said yes. His father said no, that was not the reason, 
although he was very proud of him. He said that he was crying because, 
looking at Elijah, he could see what he could have been.
  That is an observation that many generations of Americans who 
encounter barriers could make looking at the success of the next 
generation and the generation beyond, ``I see what I could have been,'' 
and how emotional that is. Elijah was representing all of those 
generations, but in the same way, they were saying that those children 
and grandchildren could look at an Elijah and say not that is what I 
could have been, but that is what I can be. This is why he made such a 
powerful difference in the lives of so many.
  If we could all reach a little bit for the kind of service that 
Elijah Cummings gave to this country, the world would be a better 
place.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Mfume for leading this effort to pay 
tribute to our former colleague, our former friend, a giant, Elijah 
Cummings.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the 
distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Ocasio-Cortez), the vice 
ranking member of the Oversight Committee.
  Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, 
and I thank my colleague, Representative Mfume, for presenting this 
tremendously important legislation.
  What else can there be said about the great chairman, Elijah E. 
Cummings? He was a father, mentor, visionary civil rights leader, and 
fierce defender of democracy.
  As the son of sharecroppers rising to become chairman of one of the 
most powerful committees in the United States Congress, his life and 
his existence were a testimony to the American Dream.
  As chairman of the House Committee on Oversight, he would often 
remind us of our purpose within this body. He asked: ``When we are 
dancing with the angels, the question will be asked . . . what did we 
do to make sure we kept our democracy intact?''
  Our democracy is what made Elijah's life possible, the great arc of 
his life possible. He was an inspiring coach and mentor who was 
uniquely focused on serving his hometown of Baltimore and improving the 
lives of the American people.
  His work inside and outside of this building was a master class in 
how to speak truth to power and keep our country together. He was tough 
yet compassionate and always reminded people that they were never too 
late to do good.
  Elijah dedicated his life to preserving American democracy, a fight 
that will be even more prevalent in the years to come, and his legacy 
guides many in our work today.

[[Page H6338]]

  I am proud to support the renaming of the South Loudon Avenue post 
office after Chairman Elijah E. Cummings as a nod to his incredible 
legacy.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz).
  Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for 
yielding. I thank my good friends from Maryland, Mr. Mfume and Mr. 
Raskin, for their diligent work on this bill to honor the life and 
legacy of Elijah Cummings.
  Chairman Cummings was known throughout this Chamber and the Nation as 
a man of strength and integrity and someone who compassionately yet 
fearlessly wielded his powers of oversight and transparency to make our 
Nation as strong as it could possibly be.
  He was also a mentor to me and many others, and someone I proudly 
called my friend. I had the privilege of serving on the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform under Chairman Cummings and saw up close how he 
fought for what is right and just, even if it wasn't popular.
  Elijah Cummings was also known for telling hard truths. It didn't 
matter who you were, what your politics were, or where you came from. 
He told difficult truths to American baseball heroes who had tarnished 
our beloved pastimes, and he confronted powerful people who priced 
prescription drugs beyond the reach of our citizens.
  One of Elijah Cummings' best qualities was that he listened, and more 
importantly, he actually heard you. He heard you whether you were a 
schoolteacher or a janitor, a colleague here in Congress or the 
President of the United States.
  I still carry the advice that Chairman Cummings gave to me, and I am 
sure he shared it with many of you as well: You need to think about the 
decisions you make and their impact not just on the moment at hand but 
on the future.
  I could spend all day listing out his legislative and political 
accomplishments, but one thing stands out and cements his lasting 
impact: the thousands of people he inspired to fight for justice and 
freedom.
  He served this House and the American people with grace, unmatched 
integrity, and passion. He loved the city and the people of Baltimore, 
and they loved him right back.
  This post office is another visible and lasting testament of respect 
for this true American giant, and I proudly support this bill and 
encourage all of my colleagues to do the same and continue to 
acknowledge the incredible legacy and leadership of this remarkable 
man.
  Rest in power, my friend.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, 
and I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for those beautiful remarks.
  Elijah Cummings was a great Representative for the people of 
Baltimore and for the people of Maryland. He was a great leader, and he 
was a great teacher, too.
  I remember when I was in my third term in office, and I had started 
off here on the Judiciary Committee and the Oversight Committee, to 
which Chairman Cummings had recruited me. I was also on the House 
Administration Committee. Then, I had an invitation to go on the Rules 
Committee, but I was afraid that I might be overextended.
  I went and sat right over on the floor next to Chairman Cummings 
where he liked to sit, and I told him that I was afraid that I might be 
overburdening myself with too many committees. He turned silent for a 
moment, and then he said: ``Raskin''--he spoke very sharply to me at 
that moment. I had never heard him use that tone of voice. I said: Yes? 
He said: You are never too busy to do that which you ought to be doing.
  I never forgot that, and I have used that line for a lot of other 
colleagues. People will complain about being tired and exhausted and so 
on, but we are never too busy to be doing that which we ought to be 
doing.
  Congressman Mfume, with this visionary legislation, is setting up a 
post office at 340 South Loudon Avenue in Baltimore that will be graced 
with the name of the great Elijah Cummings. How fitting that is, a 
place where people go to send letters and messages, because another 
thing I remember Chairman Cummings always saying was that children are 
the ultimate message that we send to future generations of people who 
we will never meet. He meant we have to invest in children and young 
people because they will end up defining a world that will long outlast 
and outsurvive us.

                              {time}  1545

  I hope that post office lasts forever, and I hope when parents take 
their kids to that post office to mail their letters, they will be able 
to tell them that there was once a great man named Elijah Cummings 
whose whole life repays a lot of study for all of us.
  Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge all of our colleagues 
on both sides of the aisle to support H.R. 9544, legislation in honor 
of a true American hero, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation to honor 
Congressman Elijah Cummings. It has been wonderful to hear so many 
great stories of his time here in these hallowed Halls. I yield back 
the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. Langworthy) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 9544.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6338-H6339]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




           OFFICER NOAH JACOB SHAHNAVAZ POST OFFICE BUILDING

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 9775) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 119 North Anderson Street in Elwood, Indiana, as the 
``Officer Noah Jacob Shahnavaz Post Office Building''.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 9775

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. OFFICER NOAH JACOB SHAHNAVAZ POST OFFICE BUILDING.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 119 North Anderson Street in Elwood, 
     Indiana, shall be known and designated as the ``Officer Noah 
     Jacob Shahnavaz Post Office Building''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``Officer Noah Jacob Shahnavaz Post Office 
     Building''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. Langworthy) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York.


                             General Leave

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from New York?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill which would rename a post 
office in Indiana for Officer Noah Shahnavaz.
  After graduating from Fishers High School in 2016, he joined the U.S. 
Army and was deployed to the Middle East.
  Later, Officer Shahnavaz became a dedicated member of the Elwood 
Police Department in Indiana. Officer Shahnavaz's life was cut short on 
July 31, 2022, when he was ambushed by a shot during a routine traffic 
stop.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I am rising in support of H.R. 9775 to honor Noah 
Shahnavaz. Born and raised in Indianapolis, he joined the U.S. Army in 
2016 where he was deployed to the Middle East as a

[[Page H6339]]

sergeant with the 591st Military Police Company.
  Officer Shahnavaz transitioned to a new service role in law 
enforcement by taking a position with the Elwood Police Department in 
2021. Tragically, he was killed on duty on July 31, 2022, during a 
traffic stop.
  This bill would honor the life and the great service of Officer 
Shahnavaz and also recognize the sacrifice of his family by naming a 
post office in Elwood, Indiana, after him.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the legislation, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Indiana (Mrs. Spartz).
  Mrs. SPARTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 9775 to 
honor the life of fallen Elwood Police Officer Noah Jacob Shahnavaz by 
naming the Elwood, Indiana, Post Office after him.
  Officer Shahnavaz was a dedicated public servant, a courageous 
protector of his community, and a beloved member of the Elwood Police 
Department. Born in 1998, he served our country with distinction as a 
sergeant in the U.S. Army, deploying to the Middle East during the 
global war on terrorism. His leadership and professionalism earned him 
the respect of his fellow soldiers.
  After his military service, Officer Shahnavaz returned home to 
Indiana, joining the Elwood Police Department in 2021. His calm 
demeanor, work ethic, and deep sense of duty quickly made him a 
respected member of the force.
  Tragically, on July 31, 2022, Noah's life was cut short during a 
routine traffic stop. He was ambushed and fatally shot by an individual 
with a violent criminal history. He was just 24 years old.
  Today, we honor his legacy and ensure that his ultimate sacrifice is 
never forgotten by naming the Elwood Post Office in his memory.
  Mr. Speaker, I appreciate all the members of the Indiana delegation 
sponsoring this bill on a bipartisan basis, and I urge my colleagues in 
the House to support this important legislation.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge passage of this 
legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my House colleagues to 
support this bill naming a post office for Officer Noah Shahnavaz, and 
I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. Langworthy) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 9775.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6339-H6340]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   BILL BARRETT POST OFFICE BUILDING

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 7507) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
Service located at 203 East 6th Street in Lexington, Nebraska, as the 
``Bill Barrett Post Office Building'', as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7507

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. WILLIAM E. AND ELSIE L. BARRETT POST OFFICE 
                   BUILDING.

       (a) Designation.--The facility of the United States Postal 
     Service located at 203 East 6th Street in Lexington, 
     Nebraska, shall be known and designated as the ``William E. 
     and Elsie L. Barrett Post Office Building''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other record of the United States to the 
     facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be 
     a reference to the ``William E. and Elsie L. Barrett Post 
     Office Building''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. Langworthy) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York.


                             General Leave

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material related to this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from New York?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill which would rename a post 
office in Lexington, Nebraska, for Bill and Elsie Barrett. Bill Barrett 
served as the congressional Representative for the western two-thirds 
of Nebraska for five terms.
  Bill and Elsie met while Bill was serving in the Navy, and the couple 
married in 1952. Bill and Elsie passed away in 2016 and 2024, 
respectively, and are survived by siblings, children, and 
grandchildren.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I am very happy to support H.R. 7507, and I rise for the 
purpose of doing that.
  I did not know Congressman William Barrett, but he was a lifelong 
public servant, and this legislation would honor his legacy by naming a 
post office in Lexington, Nebraska, after him. He served in the 
Nebraska legislature for a dozen years, including as speaker of the 
house. He later represented Nebraska's Third District here in 
Washington in the U.S. House for a decade where he supported the 
drafting of the Freedom to Farm Act of 1996 which was a proud 
accomplishment of his.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this legislation.
  Although I didn't know Congressman Barrett, I would like to use the 
case of this post office naming in the interests of improving the 
process by which this is going on, Mr. Speaker. There are a handful of 
Members of the House who object to naming post offices after former 
Members of Congress, for example, Congressman Barrett from Nebraska. 
They don't like that.
  Now, the problem is that the way that this process works is that 
under the protocols and the rules, the custom of the House Oversight 
and Accountability Committee is we wait for a recommendation from the 
entire congressional delegation, whether it is from Nebraska, 
California, or Florida. Obviously, in the larger States, it is tougher 
because you have got to get the sign-off of every Member. Once you have 
gotten the sign-off of every Member, then it comes to the House 
Oversight and Accountability Committee. At that point, we bring it to 
the floor.
  Now, we are starting to encounter some difficulty. There are a 
handful of Members who are throwing a monkey wrench into the whole 
process by refusing to consent to post offices that are sponsored by a 
Member of the opposite party in their State. So that turns what has 
been a proudly bipartisan process for decades into a vehemently and 
perhaps destructively partisan process.
  I raise this because I want us to do a U-turn from that. I don't want 
us to head down the road towards mutually assured partisan destruction 
on something that should be the opportunity for unity as we have seen 
on today's bills.
  I ask all of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to participate 
in the process the way Members have participated in this process for 
decades, to assent to the naming of post offices even when they are 
being recommended by Members of the other party.
  If not, then I am afraid we are going to have to change the rules of 
the House so it will no longer be a unanimous recommendation of each 
State's delegation but something like a majority of the delegation or 
60 percent of the delegation.
  I do not want it to be said to the people of America that we have 
gotten to a point of such vicious partisanship that we cannot even get 
unity on post office naming bills. That would be a truly sad day for 
all of us across the board.
  I invite any reflections by my colleagues on the other side of the 
aisle, but I beseech all of our colleagues to not stand in the way of 
post office namings that are not in your district and that are maybe 
not even in your State but you are trying to block them.

[[Page H6340]]

  Here, the bump in the road are people who are withholding their 
assent at the State level and then escalating the conflict up the 
ranks. We can do as well as prior generations of people who served in 
this great and august body.
  Again, Mr. Speaker, I restate my support for H.R. 7507, which will 
honor a lifelong public servant, Congressman William Barrett, whose 
party designation is completely irrelevant in this process. He was a 
U.S. citizen who served all of us, and we should be able to honor him 
in a bipartisan and unanimous way.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from 
Nebraska (Mr. Smith).
  Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 
7507 for the purpose of, as somewhat outlined by my colleague from 
Maryland, honoring by naming a post office in Lexington, Nebraska, 
after former Congressman Bill and his wife, Elsie Barrett.
  Bill Barrett was born in Lexington, Nebraska, in 1929. Following his 
service in the U.S. Navy during the Korean war, Bill returned to his 
alma mater, Hastings College, graduated, then served as vice president 
for student admissions and later on the college's board of trustees for 
32 years.
  In 1978, he was elected to the Nebraska legislature, the unicameral, 
serving for 12 years, with his last 4 as speaker. He was then elected 
to represent the Third District of Nebraska in the U.S. House.
  Known for his ability to cultivate consensus and connect with anyone, 
Bill was the president of his freshman congressional class, a group 
that even included the future Speaker of the House, John Boehner.

  Tirelessly focused on issues important to Nebraska's farmers and 
ranchers, as we heard earlier, Bill's former staff have recounted how 
he would always ask: Does this help the Third District?
  During his 5 years in Congress, he served on the House Agriculture 
Committee and coauthored the 1996 farm bill.
  He also presided over the weekly bipartisan prayer breakfast and was 
eventually appointed chairman of the National Prayer Breakfast. He set 
a lasting standard of dedicated statesmanship and summed up his 
approach to public service as a high calling with the quote: Service to 
others is the best work of life.
  Bill's wife, Elsie Carlson Barrett was born in 1930 to a Swedish 
immigrant family in New London, Connecticut. Elsie and Bill met while 
Bill was stationed in New London for naval service, and the two married 
in 1952. They settled in Hastings, Nebraska, where Elsie worked as a 
nurse before the family moved to Lexington. In Lexington Bill and Elsie 
raised four children.
  Her passion for improving the lives of children blessed many as she 
served on the Nebraska Foster Care Review Board and as president of her 
local Philanthropic Educational Organization chapter. Bill and Elsie 
were an extraordinary team and worked together to help host the 
National Prayer Breakfast in 1997.
  Whether serving in the Navy, the Nebraska unicameral, or in the U.S. 
House, Bill always put Nebraska first, and Elsie leaves behind a great 
legacy of bettering the lives of others.
  It is a great privilege to sponsor this bill which would name the 
post office located at 203 East 6th Street in Lexington, Nebraska, for 
Bill and Elsie Barrett.
  I thank my colleagues in the Nebraska delegation who joined in this 
effort to honor Bill and Elsie, and I urge support for this bill. As 
Bill would say in this body, we all have an armchair to history.
  I am honored to represent the same great district that Bill Barrett 
did.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from the Third District of 
Nebraska for his thoughtful remarks and his description of the life of 
Congressman William Barrett. I didn't know that he was a Republican 
Member of Congress, but that does not diminish in any way my support 
for this post office naming bill.
  There was a bill that was up earlier today offered by a Member from 
Texas which did not have the support of all of the Members, and this 
was a Member who himself withheld support in other cases. I don't know 
the full extent of the controversy. I don't want to get into the 
complete controversy, but I hope that everybody on both sides of the 
aisle will respect the traditions and the customs of the U.S. House of 
Representatives because we have played nice and supported bills on all 
sides even when there are people trying to sabotage and sandbag bills 
that are being introduced by Democratic Members.
  Up until this point, we have taken that position, but we would like 
to see that people are playing fair on this process and not taking 
advantage of our goodwill to stand by the bipartisan traditions of our 
committee, the Oversight and Accountability Committee, and the Congress 
in doing this.

                              {time}  1600

  We want to see that it is a two-way street and not a one-way street.
  Mr. Speaker, I don't know if the chairman of the committee is still 
around or if there is someone else who could speak on behalf of the 
committee, but I hope that somebody at least will articulate a 
continuing devotion to the customs of the committee, which is that we 
work to get everybody's bills through and we don't try to sabotage and 
sandbag the bills from the other side at the State level because that 
will plunge us into a race of mutually assured postal-naming 
destruction that is not going to benefit anybody in this body.
  I liked what the gentleman from Nebraska said, that Mr. Barrett, who 
this bill will have the post office named for, would ask the question: 
What will this do for the people in my district?
  It will do nothing for the people of anybody's district if we start 
throwing a monkey wrench into this process. I hope that the Members in 
Texas and the Members all over the country will adhere to the protocols 
and the customs that have lasted for decades on the Oversight Committee 
and that I hope will last long after all of us are gone.
  These post office namings are an opportunity to recognize and to 
celebrate truly great people in our districts and Nation, not the 
opportunity for ceaseless partisan conflict and sabotage.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am 
prepared to close.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back 
the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my House colleagues to 
support this bill naming a post office for Bill and Elsie Barrett, and 
I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. Langworthy) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7507, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ``A bill to 
designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
203 East 6th Street in Lexington, Nebraska, as the `William E. and 
Elsie L. Barrett Post Office Building''.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6340-H6342]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




   SOURCE CODE HARMONIZATION AND REUSE IN INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACT

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 9566) to require governmentwide source code sharing, and for 
other purposes, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                                  9566

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Source code Harmonization 
     And Reuse in Information Technology Act'' or the ``SHARE IT 
     Act''.

     SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS.

       In this Act:
       (1) Agency.--The term ``agency'' has the meaning given that 
     term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code.
       (2) Appropriate congressional committees.--The term 
     ``appropriate congressional

[[Page H6341]]

     committees'' means the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability of the House of Representatives.
       (3) Custom-developed code.--The term ``custom-developed 
     code''--
       (A) means source code that is--
       (i) produced in the performance of a contract with an 
     agency or is otherwise exclusively funded by the Federal 
     Government; or
       (ii) developed by a Federal employee as part of the 
     official duties of the employee;
       (B) includes--
       (i) source code, or segregable portions of source code, for 
     which the Federal Government could obtain unlimited rights 
     under part 27 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation or any 
     relevant supplemental acquisition regulations of an agency; 
     and
       (ii) source code written for a software project, module, 
     plugin, script, middleware, or application programming 
     interface; and
       (C) does not include--
       (i) source code that is solely exploratory or disposable in 
     nature, including source code written by a developer 
     experimenting with a new language or library; or
       (ii) commercial computer software, commercial off-the-shelf 
     software, or configuration scripts for such software.
       (4) Federal employee.--The term ``Federal employee'' has 
     the meaning given the term in section 2105(a) of title 5, 
     United States Code.
       (5) Metadata.--The term ``metadata'', with respect to 
     custom-developed code--
       (A) has the meaning given that term in section 3502 of 
     title 44, United States Code; and
       (B) includes--
       (i) information on whether the custom-developed code was--

       (I) produced pursuant to a contract; or
       (II) shared in a public or private repository;

       (ii) any contract number under which the custom-developed 
     code was produced; and
       (iii) any hyperlink to the repository in such the code was 
     shared.
       (6) Private repository.--The term ``private repository'' 
     means a software storage location--
       (A) that contains source code, documentation, configuration 
     scripts, as appropriate, revision history, and other files; 
     and
       (B) access to which is restricted to only authorized users.
       (7) Public repository.--The term ``public repository'' 
     means a software storage location--
       (A) that contains source code, documentation, configuration 
     scripts, as appropriate, revision history, and other files; 
     and
       (B) access to which is open to the public.
       (8) Software.--The term ``software'' has the meaning given 
     the term ``computer software'' in section 2.101 of title 48, 
     Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation.
       (9) Source code.--The term ``source code'' means a 
     collection of computer commands written in a computer 
     programming language that a computer can execute as a piece 
     of software.

     SEC. 3. SOFTWARE REUSE.

       (a) Sharing.--Not later than 210 days after the date of 
     enactment of this Act, the head of each agency shall ensure 
     that the custom-developed code of the agency and other key 
     technical components of the code (including documentation, 
     data models, schemas, metadata, architecture designs, 
     configuration scripts, and artifacts required to develop, 
     build, test, and deploy the code) of the code are--
       (1) stored at not less than 1 public repository or private 
     repository;
       (2) accessible to Federal employees via procedures 
     developed under subsection (d)(1)(A)(ii)(III); and
       (3) owned by the agency.
       (b) Software Reuse Rights in Procurement Contracts.--The 
     head of an agency that enters into a contract for the custom 
     development of software shall acquire and exercise rights 
     sufficient to enable the governmentwide access to, sharing 
     of, use of, and modification of any custom-developed code 
     created in the development of such software.
       (c) Discovery.--Not later than 210 days after the date of 
     enactment of this Act, the head of each agency shall make 
     metadata created on or after such date for the custom-
     developed code of the agency publicly accessible.
       (d) Accountability Mechanisms.--
       (1) Agency cios.--Not later than 180 days after the date of 
     enactment of this Act, the Chief Information Officer of each 
     agency, in consultation with the Chief Acquisition Officer, 
     or similar official, of the agency and the Administrator of 
     the Office of Electronic Government, shall develop an agency-
     wide policy that--
       (A) implements the requirements of this Act, including--
       (i) ensuring that custom-developed code follows the best 
     practices established by the Director of the Office and 
     Management and Budget under paragraph (3) for operating 
     repositories and version control systems to keep track of 
     changes and to facilitate collaboration among multiple 
     developers; and
       (ii) managing the sharing of custom-developed code under 
     subsection (b), and the public accessibility of metadata 
     under subsection (c), including developing--

       (I) procedures to determine whether any custom-developed 
     code meets the conditions under section 4(b) for an exemption 
     under this Act;
       (II) procedures for making metadata for custom-developed 
     code publicly accessible pursuant to subsection (c);
       (III) procedures for Federal employees to gain access to 
     public repositories and private repositories that contain 
     custom developed source code; and
       (IV) standardized reporting practices across the agency to 
     capture key information relating to a contract under which 
     custom-developed source code was produced for reporting 
     statistics about the contract; and

       (B) corrects or amends any policies of the agency that are 
     inconsistent with the requirements of this Act.
       (2) Administrator of the office of electronic government.--
       (A) Minimum standard reporting requirements.--Not later 
     than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
     Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government shall 
     establish minimum standard reporting requirements for the 
     Chief Information Officers of agencies, which shall include 
     information relating to--
       (i) measuring the frequency of reuse of code, including 
     access and modification under subsection (b);
       (ii) whether the shared code is maintained;
       (iii) whether there is a feedback mechanism for 
     improvements to or community development of the shared code; 
     and
       (iv) the number and circumstances of all exemptions granted 
     under section 4(a)(2).
       (B) Reporting requirement.--
       (i) Requirement.--Not later than 1 year after the date of 
     the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the 
     Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government shall 
     publish on a centralized website a report on the 
     implementation of this Act that includes--

       (I) a complete list of all exemptions granted under section 
     4(a)(2); and
       (II) information showing whether each agency has updated 
     the acquisition and other policies of the agency to be 
     compliant with this Act.

       (ii) Open government data asset.--The report under clause 
     (i) shall be maintained as an open Government data asset (as 
     defined in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code).
       (3) Guidance.--The Director of the Office of Management and 
     Budget shall issue guidance, consistent with the purpose of 
     this Act, that establishes best practices and uniform 
     procedures across agencies for the purposes of implementing 
     this subsection.

     SEC. 4. EXEMPTIONS.

       (a) In General.--
       (1) Automatic.--
       (A) In general.--This Act shall not apply to classified 
     source code or source code developed primarily for use in a 
     national security system (as defined in section 11103 of 
     title 40, United States Code).
       (B) National security.--An exemption from the requirements 
     under section 3 shall apply to classified source code or 
     source code developed--
       (i) primarily for use in a national security system (as 
     defined in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code); or
       (ii) by an agency, or part of an agency, that is an element 
     of the intelligence community (as defined in section 3(4) of 
     the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)).
       (C) Freedom of information act.--An exemption from the 
     requirements under section 3 shall apply to source code the 
     disclosure of which is exempt under section 552(b) of title 
     5, United States Code (commonly known as the ``Freedom of 
     Information Act'').
       (2) Discretionary.--
       (A) Exemption and guidance.--
       (i) In general.--The Chief Information Officer of an 
     agency, in consultation with the Federal Privacy Council, or 
     any successor thereto, may exempt from the requirements of 
     section 3 any source code for which a limited exemption 
     described in subparagraph (B) applies.
       (ii) Guidance required.--The Federal Privacy Council shall 
     provide guidance to the Chief Information Officer of each 
     agency relating to the limited exemption described in 
     subparagraph (B)(ii) to ensure consistent application of this 
     paragraph across agencies.
       (B) Limited exemptions.--The limited exemptions described 
     in this paragraph are the following:
       (i) The head of the agency is prohibited from providing the 
     source code to another individual or entity under another 
     Federal law or regulation, including under--

       (I) the Export Administration Regulations;
       (II) the International Traffic in Arms Regulations;
       (III) the regulations of the Transportation Security 
     Administration relating to the protection of Sensitive 
     Security Information; and
       (IV) the Federal laws and regulations governing the sharing 
     of classified information not covered by the exemption in 
     paragraph (1).

       (ii) The sharing or public accessibility of the source code 
     would create an identifiable risk to the privacy of an 
     individual.
       (b) Reports Required.--
       (1) Agency reporting.--Not later than December 31 of each 
     year, the Chief Information Officer of an agency shall submit 
     to the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government a 
     report of the source code of the agency to which an exemption 
     under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a) applied during 
     the fiscal year ending on September

[[Page H6342]]

     30 of that year with a brief narrative justification of each 
     exemption.
       (2) Annual report to congress.--Not later than 1 year after 
     the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, 
     the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government 
     shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a 
     report on all exemptions granted under paragraph (1) or (2) 
     of subsection (a) by each agency, including a compilation of 
     all information, including the narrative justification, 
     relating to each such exemption.
       (3) Form.--The reports under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall 
     be submitted in unclassified form, with a classified annex as 
     appropriate.

     SEC. 5. GAO REPORT.

       Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this 
     Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall 
     submit to Congress a report that includes an assessment of 
     the implementation of this Act.

     SEC. 6. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.

       Nothing in this Act may be construed as requiring the 
     disclosure of information or records that are exempt from 
     public disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States 
     Code (commonly known as the ``Freedom of Information Act'').

     SEC. 7. APPLICATION.

       This Act shall apply to custom-developed code that is 
     developed or revised--
       (1) by a Federal employee not less than 180 days after the 
     date of enactment of this Act; or
       (2) under a contract awarded pursuant to a solicitation 
     issued not less than 180 days after the date of enactment of 
     this Act.

     SEC. 8. REVISION OF FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION.

        Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this 
     Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulation shall be revised as 
     necessary to implement the provisions of this Act.

     SEC. 9. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDING.

       No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to 
     carry out this Act.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. Langworthy) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York.


                             General Leave

  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this measure.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from New York?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the Source Code 
Harmonization and Reuse in Information Technology Act, otherwise known 
as the SHARE IT Act. This bill is a commonsense solution to a 
longstanding, overlooked inefficiency within our Federal Government.
  Each year, the government spends approximately $6 billion on software 
development, a portion of which funds the creation of custom code for 
agency-specific programs.
  These investments are often necessary to manage the complexity of 
government operations, but without a clear mandate for code sharing, 
agencies are left operating in silos. This leads to costly duplication 
as they pay contractors to recreate solutions that already exist 
elsewhere within the vast sums of the Federal Government.
  In 2016, the Office of Management and Budget introduced a Federal 
source code policy which led to the establishment of code.gov, a 
platform housing over $1 billion worth of custom-developed software.
  However, without such strong enforcement mechanisms, the full 
potential of that policy has yet to be realized. Several Federal 
agencies still do not consistently share their code, resulting in 
millions of dollars of taxpayer money being wasted on duplicative 
efforts.
  The SHARE IT Act addresses this problem directly. It mandates that 
agencies publicly list and share their custom code, allowing solutions 
to be reused across the government, saving both time and important 
taxpayer dollars.
  Importantly, the bill includes provisions to safeguard sensitive or 
classified information, ensuring national security and privacy are not 
compromised. It also holds agency chief information officers 
accountable, requiring them to ensure code is properly shared and 
adding much-needed transparency to the process.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle 
to join us in passing the SHARE IT Act, a straightforward practical 
measure that will improve government efficiency, foster innovation, 
and, most importantly, save taxpayers' money.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, every year, Federal agencies spend billions of dollars 
purchasing software, including custom-developed code for websites, 
public databases, and mobile apps to improve the public's experience 
using government services. Too often, agencies keep custom-developed 
code for internal use rather than sharing it across the Federal 
Government with other agencies.
  This can undermine interoperability, security efficiency, and 
certainly cost-effectiveness in the Federal Government's acquisition 
and use of software. The SHARE IT Act seeks to address these problems.
  In 2016, President Obama released a Federal source code policy 
requiring the custom source code developed by or for the Federal 
Government be made available for reuse by all Federal agencies. Among 
other things, the policy required GSA to create code.gov to facilitate 
code sharing. As of 2019, code.gov featured more than 6,000 code bases 
from 26 different Federal agencies.
  Despite this success, many of the 24 largest agencies required to 
post their custom-developed code inventory to code.gov under the policy 
still haven't done so, and the policy lacks an effective enforcement 
mechanism to ensure compliance.
  To improve compliance and further unlock the benefits of sharing 
custom-built code, the SHARE IT Act would require agencies to list the 
custom code the purchaser produced and to share such code, either 
publicly, or governmentwide.
  Among other things, it assigns agency chief information officers the 
responsibility of overseeing compliance with the act.
  Mr. Speaker, I support the purpose of this bill, which is to promote 
innovation, collaboration, efficiency, and better value. However, as 
the administration has pointed out, it will require several key 
improvements before it can truly live up to its full promise.
  Most importantly, Federal entities will need additional funding in 
order to effectively meet the new requirements of the bill.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I am 
prepared to close.
  Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for 
the purposes of closing.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge passage with the improvements aforementioned. We 
have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. LANGWORTHY. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support the 
SHARE IT Act, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. Langworthy) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 9566, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Page H6342]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1630
                              AFTER RECESS

  The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the 
Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Ferguson) at 4 o'clock and 30 minutes p.m.

                          ____________________








[Page H6342]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                                 RECESS

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the 
Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair.
  Accordingly (at 4 o'clock and 8 minutes p.m.), the House stood in 
recess.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6342-H6343]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Proceedings will resume on questions 
previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order:

[[Page H6343]]

  Motions to suspend the rules and pass:
  H.R. 390 and
  H.R. 8219;
  Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 1602; and
  Adoption of House Resolution 1602, if ordered.
  The first electronic vote will be conducted as a 15-minute vote. 
Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, remaining electronic votes will be 
conducted as 5-minute votes.

                          ____________________








[Page H6343]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




     MAURICE D. HINCHEY HUDSON RIVER VALLEY NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA 
                            ENHANCEMENT ACT

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the 
unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and 
pass the bill (H.R. 390) to amend the Hudson River Valley National 
Heritage Area Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-333; 54 U.S.C. 320101 note) 
to include all of Saratoga and Washington Counties in the boundaries of 
the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area, as amended, on which 
the yeas and nays were ordered.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended.
  The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were--yeas 378, 
nays 16, not voting 38, as follows:

                             [Roll No. 480]

                               YEAS--378

     Adams
     Aderholt
     Aguilar
     Alford
     Allen
     Allred
     Amo
     Amodei
     Armstrong
     Arrington
     Auchincloss
     Babin
     Bacon
     Baird
     Balderson
     Balint
     Banks
     Barr
     Barragan
     Bean (FL)
     Beatty
     Bentz
     Bera
     Bergman
     Beyer
     Bice
     Bilirakis
     Bishop (GA)
     Boebert
     Bonamici
     Bost
     Boyle (PA)
     Brown
     Brownley
     Buchanan
     Bucshon
     Budzinski
     Burgess
     Bush
     Calvert
     Cammack
     Caraveo
     Carbajal
     Cardenas
     Carey
     Carl
     Carson
     Carter (GA)
     Carter (LA)
     Carter (TX)
     Cartwright
     Casar
     Case
     Casten
     Castor (FL)
     Castro (TX)
     Chavez-DeRemer
     Cherfilus-McCormick
     Chu
     Ciscomani
     Clark (MA)
     Clarke (NY)
     Cleaver
     Cline
     Clyburn
     Clyde
     Cohen
     Cole
     Collins
     Connolly
     Correa
     Courtney
     Craig
     Crawford
     Crockett
     Crow
     Cuellar
     D'Esposito
     Davids (KS)
     Davidson
     Davis (IL)
     Davis (NC)
     De La Cruz
     Dean (PA)
     DeGette
     DeLauro
     DelBene
     Deluzio
     DeSaulnier
     DesJarlais
     Diaz-Balart
     Dingell
     Doggett
     Duarte
     Duncan
     Dunn (FL)
     Edwards
     Ellzey
     Emmer
     Escobar
     Eshoo
     Espaillat
     Estes
     Ezell
     Fallon
     Feenstra
     Ferguson
     Finstad
     Fischbach
     Fitzgerald
     Fitzpatrick
     Fleischmann
     Flood
     Fong
     Foster
     Foushee
     Foxx
     Frankel, Lois
     Franklin, Scott
     Frost
     Fry
     Garamendi
     Garbarino
     Garcia (IL)
     Garcia (TX)
     Garcia, Robert
     Gimenez
     Golden (ME)
     Goldman (NY)
     Gonzales, Tony
     Gonzalez, V.
     Gooden (TX)
     Graves (LA)
     Graves (MO)
     Green (TN)
     Green, Al (TX)
     Griffith
     Grothman
     Guest
     Guthrie
     Hageman
     Harder (CA)
     Harris
     Harshbarger
     Hayes
     Hern
     Higgins (LA)
     Hill
     Himes
     Hinson
     Horsford
     Houchin
     Houlahan
     Hoyle (OR)
     Huffman
     Huizenga
     Hunt
     Issa
     Ivey
     Jackson (IL)
     Jackson (NC)
     Jackson (TX)
     James
     Jayapal
     Jeffries
     Johnson (GA)
     Johnson (SD)
     Jordan
     Joyce (PA)
     Kamlager-Dove
     Kaptur
     Kean (NJ)
     Keating
     Kelly (IL)
     Kelly (MS)
     Kelly (PA)
     Kennedy
     Khanna
     Kiggans (VA)
     Kildee
     Kiley
     Kilmer
     Kim (CA)
     Kim (NJ)
     Krishnamoorthi
     Kuster
     Kustoff
     LaHood
     LaLota
     Lamborn
     Landsman
     Langworthy
     Larsen (WA)
     Larson (CT)
     Latta
     LaTurner
     Lawler
     Lee (CA)
     Lee (FL)
     Lee (NV)
     Lee (PA)
     Lee Carter
     Leger Fernandez
     Lesko
     Levin
     Lieu
     Lofgren
     Lopez
     Loudermilk
     Lucas
     Luttrell
     Lynch
     Mace
     Magaziner
     Malliotakis
     Maloy
     Mann
     Manning
     Mast
     Matsui
     McBath
     McCaul
     McClain
     McClellan
     McClintock
     McCollum
     McCormick
     McGarvey
     McGovern
     McHenry
     McIver
     Meeks
     Menendez
     Meng
     Meuser
     Mfume
     Miller (OH)
     Miller (WV)
     Miller-Meeks
     Mills
     Molinaro
     Moolenaar
     Mooney
     Moore (AL)
     Moore (UT)
     Moore (WI)
     Moran
     Morelle
     Moskowitz
     Mrvan
     Mullin
     Murphy
     Nadler
     Napolitano
     Neal
     Neguse
     Nehls
     Newhouse
     Nickel
     Norcross
     Nunn (IA)
     Ocasio-Cortez
     Omar
     Owens
     Pallone
     Palmer
     Panetta
     Pappas
     Pelosi
     Peltola
     Pence
     Perez
     Peters
     Pettersen
     Pfluger
     Phillips
     Pingree
     Pocan
     Posey
     Pressley
     Quigley
     Ramirez
     Raskin
     Reschenthaler
     Rodgers (WA)
     Rogers (AL)
     Rose
     Ross
     Rouzer
     Ruiz
     Rulli
     Ruppersberger
     Rutherford
     Ryan
     Salinas
     Sanchez
     Sarbanes
     Scalise
     Scanlon
     Schakowsky
     Schiff
     Schneider
     Scholten
     Schrier
     Schweikert
     Scott (VA)
     Scott, Austin
     Scott, David
     Sessions
     Sewell
     Sherman
     Sherrill
     Simpson
     Smith (MO)
     Smith (NE)
     Smith (WA)
     Smucker
     Sorensen
     Soto
     Spanberger
     Spartz
     Stansbury
     Stanton
     Stauber
     Steel
     Stefanik
     Steil
     Steube
     Stevens
     Strickland
     Strong
     Suozzi
     Swalwell
     Sykes
     Takano
     Tenney
     Thanedar
     Thompson (CA)
     Thompson (MS)
     Thompson (PA)
     Tiffany
     Timmons
     Tlaib
     Tokuda
     Tonko
     Torres (CA)
     Torres (NY)
     Trahan
     Turner
     Underwood
     Valadao
     Van Drew
     Van Duyne
     Van Orden
     Vargas
     Vasquez
     Veasey
     Velazquez
     Wagner
     Walberg
     Waltz
     Wasserman Schultz
     Waters
     Watson Coleman
     Weber (TX)
     Webster (FL)
     Wenstrup
     Westerman
     Wied
     Wild
     Williams (GA)
     Williams (TX)
     Wilson (FL)
     Wilson (SC)
     Wittman
     Womack
     Yakym
     Zinke

                                NAYS--16

     Biggs
     Brecheen
     Burchett
     Burlison
     Cloud
     Crane
     Donalds
     Fulcher
     Good (VA)
     Greene (GA)
     Massie
     Norman
     Ogles
     Perry
     Rosendale
     Self

                             NOT VOTING--38

     Bishop (NC)
     Blumenauer
     Blunt Rochester
     Bowman
     Comer
     Costa
     Crenshaw
     Curtis
     Evans
     Fletcher
     Gallego
     Garcia, Mike
     Gomez
     Gosar
     Gottheimer
     Granger
     Grijalva
     Hoyer
     Hudson
     Jacobs
     Joyce (OH)
     LaMalfa
     Letlow
     Luetkemeyer
     Luna
     Miller (IL)
     Moulton
     Obernolte
     Porter
     Rogers (KY)
     Roy
     Salazar
     Slotkin
     Smith (NJ)
     Titus
     Trone
     Wexton
     Williams (NY)

                              {time}  1656

  Mr. BURCHETT changed his vote from ``yea'' to ``nay.''
  Mr. CORREA and Mrs. PELTOLA changed their vote from ``nay'' to 
``yea.''
  So (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and 
the bill, as amended, was passed.
  The result of the vote was announced as above recorded.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
  Stated for:
  Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I was absent from the floor and the roll call 
vote on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 390--Maurice D. 
Hinchey Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area Enhancement Act. Had 
I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 480 on the 
Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 390.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6343-H6344]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                LAHAINA NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA STUDY ACT

  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Ferguson). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule 
XX, the unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the 
rules and pass the bill (H.R. 8219) to require the Secretary of the 
Interior to conduct a study to assess the suitability and feasibility 
of designating certain land as the Lahaina National Heritage Area, and 
for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were 
ordered.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended.
  This is a 5-minute vote.
  The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were--yeas 378, 
nays 25, not voting 29, as follows:

                             [Roll No. 481]

                               YEAS--378

     Adams
     Aderholt
     Aguilar
     Alford
     Allen
     Allred
     Amo
     Amodei
     Armstrong
     Auchincloss
     Babin
     Bacon
     Baird
     Balderson
     Balint
     Barr
     Barragan
     Bean (FL)
     Beatty
     Bentz
     Bera
     Bergman
     Beyer
     Bice
     Bilirakis
     Bishop (GA)
     Bonamici
     Bost
     Boyle (PA)
     Brown
     Brownley
     Buchanan
     Bucshon
     Budzinski
     Burgess
     Bush
     Calvert
     Cammack
     Caraveo
     Carbajal
     Cardenas
     Carey
     Carl
     Carson
     Carter (GA)
     Carter (LA)
     Carter (TX)
     Cartwright
     Casar
     Case
     Casten
     Castor (FL)
     Castro (TX)
     Chavez-DeRemer
     Cherfilus-McCormick
     Chu
     Ciscomani
     Clark (MA)
     Clarke (NY)
     Cleaver
     Clyburn
     Cohen
     Cole
     Collins
     Comer
     Connolly
     Correa
     Costa
     Courtney
     Craig
     Crawford
     Crenshaw
     Crockett
     Crow
     Cuellar
     D'Esposito
     Davids (KS)
     Davidson
     Davis (IL)
     Davis (NC)

[[Page H6344]]


     De La Cruz
     Dean (PA)
     DeGette
     DeLauro
     DelBene
     Deluzio
     DeSaulnier
     DesJarlais
     Diaz-Balart
     Dingell
     Doggett
     Duarte
     Duncan
     Dunn (FL)
     Edwards
     Ellzey
     Emmer
     Escobar
     Eshoo
     Espaillat
     Estes
     Ezell
     Fallon
     Feenstra
     Ferguson
     Finstad
     Fischbach
     Fitzgerald
     Fitzpatrick
     Fleischmann
     Flood
     Fong
     Foster
     Foushee
     Foxx
     Frankel, Lois
     Franklin, Scott
     Frost
     Fry
     Garamendi
     Garbarino
     Garcia (IL)
     Garcia (TX)
     Garcia, Robert
     Gimenez
     Golden (ME)
     Goldman (NY)
     Gonzales, Tony
     Gonzalez, V.
     Gooden (TX)
     Graves (LA)
     Graves (MO)
     Green (TN)
     Green, Al (TX)
     Griffith
     Guest
     Guthrie
     Hageman
     Harder (CA)
     Harshbarger
     Hayes
     Hern
     Hill
     Himes
     Hinson
     Horsford
     Houchin
     Houlahan
     Hoyer
     Hoyle (OR)
     Huffman
     Huizenga
     Hunt
     Issa
     Ivey
     Jackson (IL)
     Jackson (NC)
     Jackson (TX)
     James
     Jayapal
     Jeffries
     Johnson (GA)
     Johnson (SD)
     Jordan
     Joyce (OH)
     Joyce (PA)
     Kamlager-Dove
     Kaptur
     Kean (NJ)
     Keating
     Kelly (IL)
     Kelly (MS)
     Kelly (PA)
     Kennedy
     Khanna
     Kiggans (VA)
     Kildee
     Kiley
     Kilmer
     Kim (CA)
     Kim (NJ)
     Krishnamoorthi
     Kuster
     Kustoff
     LaHood
     LaLota
     LaMalfa
     Lamborn
     Landsman
     Langworthy
     Larsen (WA)
     Larson (CT)
     Latta
     LaTurner
     Lawler
     Lee (CA)
     Lee (FL)
     Lee (NV)
     Lee (PA)
     Lee Carter
     Leger Fernandez
     Lesko
     Levin
     Lieu
     Lofgren
     Lopez
     Loudermilk
     Lucas
     Luttrell
     Lynch
     Mace
     Magaziner
     Malliotakis
     Maloy
     Manning
     Mast
     Matsui
     McBath
     McCaul
     McClain
     McClellan
     McClintock
     McCollum
     McCormick
     McGarvey
     McGovern
     McHenry
     McIver
     Meeks
     Menendez
     Meng
     Meuser
     Mfume
     Miller (OH)
     Miller (WV)
     Miller-Meeks
     Mills
     Molinaro
     Moolenaar
     Mooney
     Moore (AL)
     Moore (UT)
     Moore (WI)
     Moran
     Morelle
     Moskowitz
     Mrvan
     Mullin
     Murphy
     Nadler
     Napolitano
     Neal
     Neguse
     Nehls
     Newhouse
     Nickel
     Norcross
     Nunn (IA)
     Obernolte
     Ocasio-Cortez
     Omar
     Owens
     Pallone
     Palmer
     Panetta
     Pappas
     Pelosi
     Peltola
     Pence
     Perez
     Peters
     Pettersen
     Pfluger
     Phillips
     Pingree
     Pocan
     Posey
     Pressley
     Quigley
     Ramirez
     Raskin
     Reschenthaler
     Rodgers (WA)
     Rogers (AL)
     Rose
     Ross
     Rouzer
     Ruiz
     Rulli
     Ruppersberger
     Rutherford
     Ryan
     Salinas
     Sanchez
     Sarbanes
     Scalise
     Scanlon
     Schakowsky
     Schiff
     Schneider
     Scholten
     Schrier
     Schweikert
     Scott (VA)
     Scott, Austin
     Scott, David
     Sessions
     Sewell
     Sherman
     Sherrill
     Simpson
     Slotkin
     Smith (MO)
     Smith (NE)
     Smith (WA)
     Smucker
     Sorensen
     Soto
     Spanberger
     Spartz
     Stansbury
     Stanton
     Stauber
     Steel
     Stefanik
     Steil
     Stevens
     Strickland
     Strong
     Suozzi
     Swalwell
     Sykes
     Takano
     Tenney
     Thanedar
     Thompson (CA)
     Thompson (MS)
     Thompson (PA)
     Tiffany
     Timmons
     Titus
     Tlaib
     Tokuda
     Tonko
     Torres (CA)
     Torres (NY)
     Trahan
     Trone
     Turner
     Underwood
     Valadao
     Van Drew
     Van Duyne
     Van Orden
     Vargas
     Vasquez
     Veasey
     Velazquez
     Wagner
     Walberg
     Waltz
     Wasserman Schultz
     Waters
     Watson Coleman
     Weber (TX)
     Webster (FL)
     Wenstrup
     Westerman
     Wied
     Wild
     Williams (GA)
     Williams (TX)
     Wilson (FL)
     Wilson (SC)
     Wittman
     Womack
     Yakym
     Zinke

                                NAYS--25

     Arrington
     Banks
     Biggs
     Boebert
     Brecheen
     Burchett
     Burlison
     Cline
     Cloud
     Clyde
     Crane
     Donalds
     Fulcher
     Good (VA)
     Greene (GA)
     Grothman
     Harris
     Mann
     Massie
     Norman
     Ogles
     Perry
     Rosendale
     Self
     Steube

                             NOT VOTING--29

     Bishop (NC)
     Blumenauer
     Blunt Rochester
     Bowman
     Curtis
     Evans
     Fletcher
     Gallego
     Garcia, Mike
     Gomez
     Gosar
     Gottheimer
     Granger
     Grijalva
     Higgins (LA)
     Hudson
     Jacobs
     Letlow
     Luetkemeyer
     Luna
     Miller (IL)
     Moulton
     Porter
     Rogers (KY)
     Roy
     Salazar
     Smith (NJ)
     Wexton
     Williams (NY)


                Announcement by the Speaker Pro Tempore

  The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes 
remaining.

                              {time}  1705

  So (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and 
the bill, as amended, was passed.
  The result of the vote was announced as above recorded.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6344-H6345]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5349, CRUCIAL COMMUNISM TEACHING 
  ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 7198, PROVE IT ACT OF 
                                 2024.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the 
unfinished business is the vote on ordering the previous question on 
the resolution (H. Res. 1602) providing for consideration of the bill 
(H.R. 5349) to develop and disseminate a civic education curriculum and 
oral history resources regarding certain political ideologies, and for 
other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 7198) 
to amend title 5, United States Code, to require greater transparency 
for Federal regulatory decisions that impact small businesses, and for 
other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered.
  The Clerk read the title of the resolution.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous 
question.
  This is a 5-minute vote.
  The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were--yeas 206, 
nays 200, not voting 26, as follows:

                             [Roll No. 482]

                               YEAS--206

     Aderholt
     Alford
     Allen
     Amodei
     Armstrong
     Arrington
     Babin
     Bacon
     Baird
     Balderson
     Banks
     Barr
     Bean (FL)
     Bentz
     Bergman
     Bice
     Biggs
     Bilirakis
     Boebert
     Bost
     Brecheen
     Buchanan
     Bucshon
     Burchett
     Burgess
     Burlison
     Calvert
     Cammack
     Carey
     Carl
     Carter (GA)
     Carter (TX)
     Chavez-DeRemer
     Ciscomani
     Cline
     Cloud
     Clyde
     Cole
     Collins
     Comer
     Crane
     Crawford
     Crenshaw
     D'Esposito
     Davidson
     De La Cruz
     DesJarlais
     Diaz-Balart
     Donalds
     Duarte
     Duncan
     Dunn (FL)
     Edwards
     Ellzey
     Emmer
     Estes
     Ezell
     Fallon
     Feenstra
     Ferguson
     Finstad
     Fischbach
     Fitzgerald
     Fitzpatrick
     Fleischmann
     Flood
     Fong
     Foxx
     Franklin, Scott
     Fry
     Fulcher
     Garbarino
     Gimenez
     Gonzales, Tony
     Good (VA)
     Gooden (TX)
     Graves (LA)
     Graves (MO)
     Green (TN)
     Greene (GA)
     Griffith
     Grothman
     Guest
     Guthrie
     Hageman
     Harris
     Harshbarger
     Hern
     Higgins (LA)
     Hill
     Hinson
     Houchin
     Hudson
     Huizenga
     Hunt
     Issa
     Jackson (TX)
     James
     Johnson (SD)
     Jordan
     Joyce (OH)
     Joyce (PA)
     Kean (NJ)
     Kelly (MS)
     Kelly (PA)
     Kiggans (VA)
     Kiley
     Kim (CA)
     Kustoff
     LaHood
     LaLota
     LaMalfa
     Lamborn
     Langworthy
     Latta
     LaTurner
     Lawler
     Lee (FL)
     Lesko
     Lopez
     Loudermilk
     Lucas
     Luttrell
     Mace
     Malliotakis
     Maloy
     Mann
     Massie
     Mast
     McCaul
     McClain
     McClintock
     McCormick
     McHenry
     Meuser
     Miller (OH)
     Miller (WV)
     Miller-Meeks
     Mills
     Molinaro
     Moolenaar
     Mooney
     Moore (AL)
     Moore (UT)
     Moran
     Murphy
     Nehls
     Newhouse
     Norman
     Nunn (IA)
     Obernolte
     Ogles
     Owens
     Palmer
     Pence
     Perry
     Pfluger
     Posey
     Reschenthaler
     Rodgers (WA)
     Rogers (AL)
     Rose
     Rosendale
     Rouzer
     Rulli
     Rutherford
     Scalise
     Schweikert
     Scott, Austin
     Self
     Sessions
     Simpson
     Smith (MO)
     Smith (NE)
     Smith (NJ)
     Smucker
     Spartz
     Stauber
     Steel
     Stefanik
     Steil
     Steube
     Strong
     Tenney
     Thompson (PA)
     Tiffany
     Timmons
     Turner
     Valadao
     Van Drew
     Van Duyne
     Van Orden
     Wagner
     Walberg
     Waltz
     Weber (TX)
     Webster (FL)
     Wenstrup
     Westerman
     Wied
     Williams (TX)
     Wilson (SC)
     Wittman
     Womack
     Yakym
     Zinke

                               NAYS--200

     Adams
     Aguilar
     Allred
     Amo
     Auchincloss
     Balint
     Barragan
     Beatty
     Bera
     Beyer
     Bishop (GA)
     Bonamici
     Boyle (PA)
     Brown
     Brownley
     Budzinski
     Bush
     Caraveo
     Carbajal
     Cardenas
     Carson
     Carter (LA)
     Cartwright
     Casar
     Case
     Casten
     Castor (FL)
     Castro (TX)
     Cherfilus-McCormick
     Chu
     Clark (MA)
     Clarke (NY)
     Cleaver
     Clyburn
     Cohen
     Connolly
     Correa
     Costa
     Courtney
     Craig
     Crockett
     Crow
     Cuellar
     Davids (KS)
     Davis (IL)
     Davis (NC)
     Dean (PA)
     DeGette
     DeLauro
     DelBene
     Deluzio
     DeSaulnier
     Dingell
     Doggett
     Escobar
     Eshoo
     Espaillat
     Foster
     Foushee
     Frankel, Lois
     Frost
     Garamendi
     Garcia (IL)
     Garcia (TX)
     Garcia, Robert
     Golden (ME)
     Goldman (NY)
     Gonzalez, V.
     Green, Al (TX)
     Harder (CA)
     Hayes
     Himes
     Horsford
     Houlahan
     Hoyer
     Hoyle (OR)
     Huffman
     Ivey
     Jackson (IL)
     Jackson (NC)
     Jayapal
     Jeffries
     Johnson (GA)
     Kamlager-Dove
     Kaptur
     Keating
     Kelly (IL)
     Kennedy
     Khanna
     Kildee
     Kilmer
     Kim (NJ)
     Krishnamoorthi
     Kuster
     Landsman
     Larsen (WA)
     Larson (CT)
     Lee (CA)
     Lee (NV)
     Lee (PA)
     Lee Carter
     Leger Fernandez
     Levin
     Lieu
     Lofgren
     Lynch
     Magaziner
     Manning
     Matsui
     McBath
     McClellan
     McCollum
     McGarvey

[[Page H6345]]


     McGovern
     McIver
     Meeks
     Menendez
     Meng
     Mfume
     Moore (WI)
     Morelle
     Moskowitz
     Mrvan
     Mullin
     Nadler
     Napolitano
     Neal
     Neguse
     Nickel
     Norcross
     Ocasio-Cortez
     Omar
     Pallone
     Panetta
     Pappas
     Pelosi
     Peltola
     Perez
     Peters
     Pettersen
     Phillips
     Pingree
     Pocan
     Pressley
     Quigley
     Ramirez
     Raskin
     Ross
     Ruiz
     Ruppersberger
     Ryan
     Salinas
     Sanchez
     Sarbanes
     Scanlon
     Schakowsky
     Schiff
     Schneider
     Scholten
     Schrier
     Scott (VA)
     Scott, David
     Sewell
     Sherman
     Sherrill
     Slotkin
     Smith (WA)
     Sorensen
     Soto
     Spanberger
     Stansbury
     Stanton
     Stevens
     Strickland
     Suozzi
     Swalwell
     Sykes
     Takano
     Thanedar
     Thompson (CA)
     Thompson (MS)
     Titus
     Tlaib
     Tokuda
     Tonko
     Torres (CA)
     Torres (NY)
     Trahan
     Trone
     Underwood
     Vargas
     Vasquez
     Veasey
     Velazquez
     Wasserman Schultz
     Waters
     Watson Coleman
     Wild
     Williams (GA)
     Wilson (FL)

                             NOT VOTING--26

     Bishop (NC)
     Blumenauer
     Blunt Rochester
     Bowman
     Curtis
     Evans
     Fletcher
     Gallego
     Garcia, Mike
     Gomez
     Gosar
     Gottheimer
     Granger
     Grijalva
     Jacobs
     Letlow
     Luetkemeyer
     Luna
     Miller (IL)
     Moulton
     Porter
     Rogers (KY)
     Roy
     Salazar
     Wexton
     Williams (NY)


                Announcement by the Speaker Pro Tempore

  The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes 
remaining.

                              {time}  1711

  Ms. LEE of Nevada changed her vote from ``yea'' to ``nay.''
  Mr. RUPPERSBERGER changed his vote from ``present'' to ``nay.''
  So the previous question was ordered.
  The result of the vote was announced as above recorded.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution.
  The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it.


                             Recorded Vote

  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.
  A recorded vote was ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote.
  The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were--ayes 207, 
noes 199, not voting 27, as follows:

                             [Roll No. 483]

                               AYES--207

     Aderholt
     Alford
     Allen
     Amodei
     Armstrong
     Arrington
     Babin
     Bacon
     Baird
     Balderson
     Banks
     Barr
     Bean (FL)
     Bentz
     Bergman
     Bice
     Biggs
     Bilirakis
     Boebert
     Bost
     Brecheen
     Buchanan
     Bucshon
     Burchett
     Burgess
     Burlison
     Calvert
     Cammack
     Carey
     Carl
     Carter (GA)
     Carter (TX)
     Chavez-DeRemer
     Ciscomani
     Cline
     Cloud
     Clyde
     Cole
     Collins
     Comer
     Crane
     Crawford
     Crenshaw
     D'Esposito
     Davidson
     De La Cruz
     DesJarlais
     Diaz-Balart
     Donalds
     Duarte
     Duncan
     Dunn (FL)
     Edwards
     Ellzey
     Emmer
     Estes
     Ezell
     Fallon
     Feenstra
     Ferguson
     Finstad
     Fischbach
     Fitzgerald
     Fitzpatrick
     Fleischmann
     Flood
     Fong
     Foxx
     Franklin, Scott
     Fry
     Fulcher
     Garbarino
     Gimenez
     Gonzales, Tony
     Good (VA)
     Gooden (TX)
     Graves (LA)
     Graves (MO)
     Green (TN)
     Greene (GA)
     Griffith
     Grothman
     Guest
     Guthrie
     Hageman
     Harris
     Harshbarger
     Hern
     Higgins (LA)
     Hill
     Hinson
     Houchin
     Hudson
     Huizenga
     Hunt
     Issa
     Jackson (TX)
     James
     Johnson (LA)
     Johnson (SD)
     Jordan
     Joyce (OH)
     Joyce (PA)
     Kean (NJ)
     Kelly (MS)
     Kelly (PA)
     Kiggans (VA)
     Kiley
     Kim (CA)
     Kustoff
     LaHood
     LaLota
     LaMalfa
     Lamborn
     Langworthy
     Latta
     LaTurner
     Lawler
     Lee (FL)
     Lesko
     Lopez
     Loudermilk
     Lucas
     Luttrell
     Mace
     Malliotakis
     Maloy
     Mann
     Massie
     Mast
     McCaul
     McClain
     McClintock
     McCormick
     McHenry
     Meuser
     Miller (OH)
     Miller (WV)
     Miller-Meeks
     Mills
     Molinaro
     Moolenaar
     Mooney
     Moore (AL)
     Moore (UT)
     Moran
     Murphy
     Nehls
     Newhouse
     Norman
     Nunn (IA)
     Obernolte
     Ogles
     Owens
     Palmer
     Pence
     Perry
     Pfluger
     Posey
     Reschenthaler
     Rodgers (WA)
     Rogers (AL)
     Rose
     Rosendale
     Rouzer
     Rulli
     Rutherford
     Scalise
     Schweikert
     Scott, Austin
     Self
     Sessions
     Simpson
     Smith (MO)
     Smith (NE)
     Smith (NJ)
     Smucker
     Spartz
     Stauber
     Steel
     Stefanik
     Steil
     Steube
     Strong
     Tenney
     Thompson (PA)
     Tiffany
     Timmons
     Turner
     Valadao
     Van Drew
     Van Duyne
     Van Orden
     Wagner
     Walberg
     Waltz
     Weber (TX)
     Webster (FL)
     Wenstrup
     Westerman
     Wied
     Williams (TX)
     Wilson (SC)
     Wittman
     Womack
     Yakym
     Zinke

                               NOES--199

     Adams
     Aguilar
     Allred
     Amo
     Auchincloss
     Balint
     Barragan
     Beatty
     Bera
     Beyer
     Bishop (GA)
     Bonamici
     Boyle (PA)
     Brown
     Brownley
     Budzinski
     Bush
     Caraveo
     Carbajal
     Cardenas
     Carson
     Carter (LA)
     Cartwright
     Casar
     Case
     Casten
     Castor (FL)
     Castro (TX)
     Cherfilus-McCormick
     Chu
     Clark (MA)
     Clarke (NY)
     Cleaver
     Clyburn
     Cohen
     Connolly
     Correa
     Costa
     Courtney
     Craig
     Crockett
     Crow
     Cuellar
     Davids (KS)
     Davis (IL)
     Davis (NC)
     Dean (PA)
     DeGette
     DeLauro
     DelBene
     Deluzio
     DeSaulnier
     Dingell
     Doggett
     Escobar
     Eshoo
     Espaillat
     Foster
     Foushee
     Frankel, Lois
     Frost
     Garamendi
     Garcia (IL)
     Garcia (TX)
     Garcia, Robert
     Golden (ME)
     Goldman (NY)
     Gonzalez, V.
     Green, Al (TX)
     Harder (CA)
     Hayes
     Himes
     Horsford
     Hoyer
     Hoyle (OR)
     Huffman
     Ivey
     Jackson (IL)
     Jackson (NC)
     Jayapal
     Jeffries
     Johnson (GA)
     Kamlager-Dove
     Kaptur
     Keating
     Kelly (IL)
     Kennedy
     Khanna
     Kildee
     Kilmer
     Kim (NJ)
     Krishnamoorthi
     Kuster
     Landsman
     Larsen (WA)
     Larson (CT)
     Lee (CA)
     Lee (NV)
     Lee (PA)
     Lee Carter
     Leger Fernandez
     Levin
     Lieu
     Lofgren
     Lynch
     Magaziner
     Manning
     Matsui
     McBath
     McClellan
     McCollum
     McGarvey
     McGovern
     McIver
     Meeks
     Menendez
     Meng
     Mfume
     Moore (WI)
     Morelle
     Moskowitz
     Mrvan
     Mullin
     Nadler
     Napolitano
     Neal
     Neguse
     Nickel
     Norcross
     Ocasio-Cortez
     Omar
     Pallone
     Panetta
     Pappas
     Pelosi
     Peltola
     Perez
     Peters
     Pettersen
     Phillips
     Pingree
     Pocan
     Pressley
     Quigley
     Ramirez
     Raskin
     Ross
     Ruiz
     Ruppersberger
     Ryan
     Salinas
     Sanchez
     Sarbanes
     Scanlon
     Schakowsky
     Schiff
     Schneider
     Scholten
     Schrier
     Scott (VA)
     Scott, David
     Sewell
     Sherman
     Sherrill
     Slotkin
     Smith (WA)
     Sorensen
     Soto
     Spanberger
     Stansbury
     Stanton
     Stevens
     Strickland
     Suozzi
     Swalwell
     Sykes
     Takano
     Thanedar
     Thompson (CA)
     Thompson (MS)
     Titus
     Tlaib
     Tokuda
     Tonko
     Torres (CA)
     Torres (NY)
     Trahan
     Trone
     Underwood
     Vargas
     Vasquez
     Veasey
     Velazquez
     Wasserman Schultz
     Waters
     Watson Coleman
     Wild
     Williams (GA)
     Wilson (FL)

                             NOT VOTING--27

     Bishop (NC)
     Blumenauer
     Blunt Rochester
     Bowman
     Curtis
     Evans
     Fletcher
     Gallego
     Garcia, Mike
     Gomez
     Gosar
     Gottheimer
     Granger
     Grijalva
     Houlahan
     Jacobs
     Letlow
     Luetkemeyer
     Luna
     Miller (IL)
     Moulton
     Porter
     Rogers (KY)
     Roy
     Salazar
     Wexton
     Williams (NY)


                Announcement by the Speaker Pro Tempore

  The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes 
remaining.

                              {time}  1718

  So the resolution was agreed to.
  The result of the vote was announced as above recorded.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.


                          personal explanation

  Mr. ROY. Mr. Speaker, I missed four votes today. Had I been present, 
I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 480, NAY on Roll Call No. 481, 
YEA on Roll Call No. 482, and YEA on Roll Call No. 483.


                          PERSONAL EXPLANATION

  Ms. PORTER. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present to cast my vote 
on Roll Call Nos. 480, 481, 482, and 483 today. Had I been present, I 
would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 480, YEA on Roll Call No. 481, 
NAY on Roll Call No. 482, and NO on Roll Call No. 483.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6345-H6349]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




             SHIRLEY CHISHOLM CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT

  Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (S. 4243) to award posthumously the Congressional Gold Medal to 
Shirley Chisholm.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                                S. 4243

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Shirley Chisholm 
     Congressional Gold Medal Act''.

     SEC. 2. FINDINGS.

       The Congress finds the following:
       (1) In 1968, Shirley Chisholm became the first African-
     American woman elected to Congress where she served until 
     1982.
       (2) Shirley Chisholm inspired and led the march of 
     political achievement by African Americans and women in the 3 
     decades since she ran for the Presidency of the United 
     States.
       (3) Her election to Congress and her candidacy for the 
     Presidency raised the profile

[[Page H6346]]

     and aspirations of all African Americans and women in the 
     field of politics.
       (4) Shirley Chisholm was recognized for her activism, 
     independence, and groundbreaking achievements in politics 
     during and after the civil rights era.
       (5) Shirley Chisholm was born in Brooklyn, New York, on 
     November 30, 1924, attended Brooklyn College, and earned a 
     master's degree from Columbia University.
       (6) Shirley Chisholm worked in education and social 
     services before being elected to the New York State Assembly 
     in 1964.
       (7) Shirley Chisholm established the Unity Democratic Club 
     in 1960, which played a significant role in rallying Black 
     and Hispanic voters in New York City.
       (8) In 1969, Shirley Chisholm began her service in the 91st 
     Congress, representing New York's 12th Congressional District 
     in the House of Representatives.
       (9) During her service in the House of Representatives, 
     Shirley Chisholm promoted the employment of women in Congress 
     and was vocal in her support of civil rights, women's rights, 
     and the poor, while fervently opposing the Vietnam War.
       (10) In 1972, Shirley Chisholm was the first African 
     American to seek the nomination of a major party for 
     President of the United States.
       (11) A historic figure in American political history, 
     Shirley Chisholm died at the age of 80 in Ormond Beach, 
     Florida, on New Year's Day 2005.

     SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL.

       (a) Presentation Authorized.--The Speaker of the House of 
     Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate 
     shall make appropriate arrangements for the posthumous 
     presentation, on behalf of the Congress, of a gold medal of 
     appropriate design in commemoration of Shirley Chisholm.
       (b) Design and Striking.--For purposes of the presentation 
     referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury 
     (referred to in this Act as the ``Secretary'') shall strike a 
     gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, 
     to be determined by the Secretary. The design shall bear an 
     image of, and an inscription of the name of, Shirley 
     Chisholm.
       (c) Smithsonian Institution.--
       (1) In general.--After the award of the gold medal referred 
     to in subsection (a), the gold medal shall be given to the 
     Smithsonian Institution, where it will be displayed as 
     appropriate and made available for research.
       (2) Sense of congress.--It is the sense of Congress that 
     the Smithsonian Institution should make the gold medal 
     received under paragraph (1) for display elsewhere, 
     particularly at other locations and events associated with 
     Shirley Chisholm.

     SEC. 4. DUPLICATE MEDALS.

       The Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of 
     the gold medal struck pursuant to section 3, at a price 
     sufficient to cover the costs of the medals, including labor, 
     materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses.

     SEC. 5. STATUS OF MEDALS.

       (a) National Medals.--Medals struck under this Act are 
     national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, 
     United States Code.
       (b) Numismatic Items.--For purposes of sections 5134 and 
     5136 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under 
     this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items.

     SEC. 6. AUTHORITY TO USE FUND AMOUNTS; PROCEEDS OF SALE.

       (a) Authority To Use Fund Amounts.--There is authorized to 
     be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise 
     Fund such amounts as may be necessary to pay for the costs of 
     the medals struck under this Act.
       (b) Proceeds of Sale.--Amounts received from the sale of 
     duplicate bronze medals authorized under section 4 shall be 
     deposited into the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Fong). Pursuant to the rule, the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. McHenry) and the gentlewoman from 
California (Ms. Waters) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina.


                             General Leave

  Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their 
remarks and include extraneous material on the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from North Carolina?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 4243, a bill that would 
posthumously award the Congressional Gold Medal to Shirley Chisholm.
  On November 5, 1968, Shirley Chisholm, the daughter of Caribbean 
immigrants, became the first African-American woman in our Nation's 
history elected to Congress. As she liked to put it, she was ``the 
first Black woman Congressman.''
  Mr. Speaker, 2 years later, she became a founding member of the 
Congressional Black Caucus. A year after that, she became the first 
woman and first African American to run for one of the two major 
parties' Presidential nominations.
  Shirley Chisolm has a much longer list of achievements that are quite 
impressive.
  Born on November 30, 1924, in Brooklyn, New York, Chisholm began her 
career in early childhood education before turning her focus to 
politics.
  Throughout her political career, Chisholm was a no-nonsense advocate. 
She was willing to fight for her working-class constituents and call 
out perceived injustices.
  Representative Chisholm once remarked: ``I did not come to Congress 
to behave myself and stay away from explosive issues so I can keep 
coming back.''
  Now, my ranking member on the Financial Services Committee, the 
former chair of the Financial Services Committee, is equally unbashful 
in her approach in Congress, and I welcome that. At this point, I will 
allow the ranking member of the committee to say her words on one of 
her mentors.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.

                              {time}  1730

  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 4243, the Shirley Chisolm 
Congressional Gold Medal Act, sponsored by Representative Barbara Lee.
  Today we will vote to honor former Representative Shirley Chisolm 
with a Congressional Gold Medal for her activism, independence, and 
groundbreaking achievements in politics as the first African-American 
woman elected to serve in Congress. I am proud to be an original 
cosponsor of this bill.
  Shirley Chisolm was born in Brooklyn, New York, and was the oldest of 
four daughters to immigrant parents. In fact, Chisolm lived in Barbados 
between the ages of 5 and 9 and always considered herself Barbadian. 
Last week, I was pleased to join Minority Leader Jeffries and many 
members of the Congressional Black Caucus as we celebrated Chisolm 
along with the people of Barbados. It was such a great time, and I am 
thankful that we continue this celebration in Congress today.
  Chisolm graduated from Brooklyn College cum laude in 1946 where she 
also excelled on the debate team. Her professors encouraged her to 
consider a political career. She knew she would face difficulties as an 
African-American woman, but that did not stop her. In 1964, Chisholm 
became the second African American to serve in the New York State 
legislature. In 1968 she was elected to the 91st Congress as the first 
African-American woman Member.
  As the first African American and the first woman to chair the 
Financial Services Committee, I am grateful for trailblazers like 
Shirley Chisolm who created space in politics for Americans like me.
  During her congressional term, Congresswoman Chisolm introduced more 
than 50 pieces of legislation, focusing on gender and racial equality 
and ending the Vietnam war. In 1971 she became a cofounder of the 
National Women's Political Caucus and founding member of the 
Congressional Black Caucus, which I am proud to be a member of.
  In the 1972 Presidential election, Shirley Chisolm became the first 
African-American candidate to seek a major party's nomination for 
President of the United States. She was also the first woman to run for 
the Democratic Party's Presidential nomination. However, discrimination 
followed her campaign. Shirley Chisolm was blocked from participating 
in televised primary debates and was only allowed to make one speech 
after taking legal action. Students, women, and people of color 
followed her campaign closely.
  After her bid for the Presidency, Chisolm continued serving in the 
House of Representatives until she retired in 1982, 10 years before I 
began my first term as a Congresswoman.
  She once said: ``If they don't give you a seat at the table, bring a 
folding chair.''
  Today we will honor Chisholm not just with a seat at the table but 
with the highest honor Congress can bestow.

[[Page H6347]]

  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from California 
(Ms. Lee), who is also the sponsor of this bill.
  Ms. LEE of California. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me take a 
moment to thank Speaker Johnson, Minority Leader Jeffries, Majority 
Leader Scalise, and Chairman McHenry for their leadership.
  Of course, I thank our ranking member, Maxine Waters, whom I met 
during the Shirley Chisolm campaign, for her tremendous leadership and 
her friendship.
  I thank Congresswoman Clarke, Congressman Donalds, Congressman 
Lawler, and Congressman Issa for their support. I thank everyone, all 
Democrats and Republicans, for their support. Also, I am deeply 
grateful to Senators Butler and Warnock and all the Members of the 
Senate for their leadership on the Senate companion bill.
  Let me take a moment to thank my team, the team of our leadership, 
Congresswoman Waters, Congressman McHenry, and especially Jordan Smith 
for their support. I especially thank Jordan Smith for her expertise 
and for her hard work in making sure that she worked with everyone, all 
staff, as a team to get this bill to the floor. I thank her so much for 
her hard work.
  Mr. Speaker, it brings me really great joy today that the House is 
voting on our bill to honor my mentor, friend, and the first Member of 
Congress who brought a new lens and experience which had never been 
included in this body since the first Congress went into session in 
1789. Congresswoman Chisolm made history as the first Black woman to be 
elected to the United States Congress and the first Black woman to run 
for the Presidency of the United States.
  Now I am the 20th Black woman elected to Congress since 1789. 
Congresswoman Waters is the seventh Black woman elected since 1789. 
Because of Shirley Chisolm, I am. Because of Shirley Chisolm, there are 
31 Black women serving in the House of Representatives and one Black 
woman now serving in the United States Senate. There have been two 
elected Black women in the United States Senate, one appointed, and 
that is Senator Butler, and that is since 1789.
  Throughout her seven terms representing New York's 12th Congressional 
District, Shirley worked across the aisle to advocate for her 
constituents and pass bipartisan reforms. She focused on tackling 
issues of food insecurity and economic justice.
  Known as Fighting Shirley, she was a fearless advocate for American 
families and served as a founding member of the Congressional Black 
Caucus.
  As many of our colleagues know, Shirley was the catalyst for my 
career in public service. I met her when I was a student at Mills 
College in Oakland. Like so many young people today, I was 
intentionally disconnected from the political system. I did not believe 
that it worked for me, a young Black woman and a single mother raising 
two children on her own and on public assistance and food stamps.
  However, when I met and talked to Shirley Chisolm, I quickly saw that 
she represented a new and unique kind of political leadership in 
Congress. She stood up for people of color, for Black people, for 
women, for marginalized communities, for low-income people, for people 
who lived in rural communities and urban communities, for working 
families, and for everyone. She spoke on issues that I really hadn't 
heard Members of Congress talk about on a national stage before.

  When I told Shirley that I was not registered to vote, she took me to 
task. She called me little girl until the day she died.
  She got me involved in her campaign, and the rest is history. The 
path she paved had never been tread before. She carved out a new trail 
for all of us. She flipped the script and left an indelible legacy on 
American politics, all while holding the door open for the rest of us 
to step through.
  Throughout her life, she remained unbought and unbossed, and as my 26 
years in this body comes to an end, this is really personally a full 
circle moment for me for which I am deeply grateful.
  The Congressional Gold Medal serves as the Nation's highest 
expression of gratitude for distinguished service and achievements. It 
is critical for the next generation of leaders to see the first Black 
woman elected to Congress get the recognition that she deserves.
  We celebrated what would have been Congresswoman Chisolm's 100th 
birthday this past Saturday as Congresswoman Waters mentioned, so it is 
past time Congress recognized her legendary career and honored her with 
a Congressional Gold Medal.
  Let me mention a couple of things I mentioned last night at the 
Congressional Black Caucus' Special Order. I thank Chairman   Steven 
Horsford for his leadership in helping us bring this bill to the floor.
  First of all, Shirley Chisolm really fought for everyone, and she 
prided herself on bipartisan cooperation.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman.
  Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, if I may, I yield 2 additional minutes to 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee).
  Ms. LEE of California. Mr. Speaker, she prided herself on bipartisan 
work. Actually, when I introduced the first resolution honoring her, I 
called her from the Cloakroom. She couldn't understand why there were 
no Republicans except Connie Morella on the floor speaking on behalf of 
the resolution.
  She was really upset because she said: Has so much changed that the 
Republicans don't know me? They don't remember I worked with them?
  I explained to her that the bill was on suspension, that it was the 
first night we came in, and that we had bipartisan support. However, 
she was pretty upset about that because she really wanted Democrats and 
Republicans to vote for this resolution.
  Mr. Speaker, the first and only time I pulled a bill from suspension 
was that night. I pulled it from suspension and called for a recorded 
vote so she could see all of the green buttons that were punched, all 
of the lights. So I ran back, and I called her.
  I said: See, Shirley, Republicans and Democrats remember you. They 
remember your legacy, and you didn't have one ``no'' vote on this.
  Finally, I will just say, Caribbean-American Heritage Month is June, 
and, again, Shirley Chisolm inspired me with my work in the Caribbean. 
Congresswoman Yvette Clarke is a daughter of the Caribbean and, of 
course, exemplifies Shirley Chisolm's spirit. President Bush signed my 
resolution which established June as Caribbean-American Heritage Month 
to honor the legacy and highlight the good work of Caribbean Americans 
and to bring closer the ties with America and the Caribbean.
  Again, bipartisanship, Shirley Chisolm wanted to get the job done. 
She encouraged all of us to work together, to fight for what we 
believed, but to also understand we had to work together to make life 
better, quite frankly, for everyone.
  So Miss C, some of us called her Shirley, some of us called her Miss 
C, I thank you for paving the way and for being that catalyst for 
change. This Congressional Gold Medal is for you, and happy 100th 
heavenly birthday.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
Nevada (Mr. Horsford), who is also the chair of the Congressional Black 
Caucus.
  Mr. HORSFORD. Mr. Speaker, first, let me commend the ranking member, 
our chairwoman, Maxine Waters, for her leadership on this issue and the 
courtesy of the chairman, Mr. McHenry, for working in a bipartisan way 
on this important issue.
  I rise today in support of S. 4243, the Shirley Chisolm Congressional 
Gold Medal Act.
  Representative Shirley Chisolm was an advocate for justice in 
American politics. In 1968 she broke through barriers as the first 
Black woman elected to this body, representing New York's 12th 
District.
  She declared herself unbought and unbossed, and in her time in 
Congress, she introduced over 50 pieces of legislation, fought to end 
the Vietnam war, and championed civil rights, women's rights, and 
economic justice.
  She was one of the 13 founding members of the Congressional Black 
Caucus, but the only woman. Today, the

[[Page H6348]]

CBC has 60 members, the largest in our history, with 31 Black women.
  It is because of the legacy of progress of Representative Shirley 
Chisolm that we posthumously award the Congressional Gold Medal to 
Shirley Chisholm.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the 
gentleman from Nevada.
  Mr. HORSFORD. Posthumously awarding her the Congressional Gold Medal 
is a tribute to her achievements and the recognition of her legacy to 
advance equality and justice.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to honor this remarkable American 
and vote ``yes'' on S. 4243.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman 
from New York (Ms. Clarke).
  Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, Mr. 
McHenry, and the ranking member for bringing this legislation to the 
floor.
  I thank Congresswoman Barbara Lee for her tenacity in making sure 
that we would see this come to fruition.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today as one of the many women who stand on the 
shoulders of Shirley Anita Chisolm and in strong support of S. 4243, 
the Shirley Chisolm Congressional Gold Medal Act.
  We honor the first African-American woman elected to Congress and a 
trailblazer whose life and work continue to inspire generations of 
leaders. Congresswoman Shirley Chisolm was a woman who had the audacity 
to be a catalyst for change unbossed and unbought.
  From her candidacy for President of the United States to her first 
day in the New York State Assembly, Shirley Chisolm paved the way for 
Black Americans, Caribbean Americans, women, and marginalized 
communities overlooked in our political system.
  She showed us what was possible and, in doing so, raised the standard 
of what it means to be a woman who is unbought and unbossed.
  She was a daughter of Brooklyn, my soror, both of us made in the 
Brooklyn Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., and above 
all, a daughter of progress.
  This Congressional Gold Medal serves as a testament and a symbol of 
her achievements as a political trailblazer and advocate for those who 
were too often left behind.

                              {time}  1745

  It is our responsibility to ensure her legacy is not just remembered, 
but built upon.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Let us honor 
Shirley Anita St. Hill Chisholm for her courage, her vision, and her 
unmatched contributions to Congress, the Congressional Black Caucus, 
and our Nation at large.
  As she so powerfully said: ``If they don't give you a seat at the 
table, bring a folding chair.''
  Today, let us solidify her seat and honor her rightful place in 
history.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from 
Texas (Mrs. Lee Carter).
  Mrs. LEE CARTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters and 
Congresswoman Barbara Lee for their tremendous leadership.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise to support S. 4243, the Shirley Chisholm 
Congressional Gold Medal Act, in honor of the legendary Shirley Anita 
Chisholm, the first Black woman elected to Congress in 1968.
  Her historic election was not just a victory for New York's 12th 
District, but for all of us, affirming that these Halls belong to 
everyone, regardless of race, gender, or background. During her seven 
impactful terms, she championed equity in education, economic 
opportunity, and social justice, and she advocated for marginalized 
communities.
  Her courage inspired generations, including my late mother, 
Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, who carried forward her fight for 
justice and equality. There was no place she would have rather been 
than supporting her sisters in voting on this medal, so I am honored to 
be able to vote in her honor and memory and support S. 4243, the 
Shirley Chisholm Congressional Gold Medal Act.
  Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am 
prepared to close if the gentleman from North Carolina has no further 
speakers.
  Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for 
the purposes of closing.
  Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, but I will give my ranking 
member the final word on this subject.
  I close with one story that has an impact on me about Shirley 
Chisholm. We know the story of George Wallace, segregationist, racist, 
Governor of Alabama, running for the Presidential nomination.
  Shirley Chisholm was running for the same nomination. When George 
Wallace was shot five times while campaigning and then paralyzed, who 
showed up at the hospital but Shirley Chisholm?
  I think of myself as a charitable person. I think of myself as 
someone who could rise above. We all think that we have that in us, but 
imagine that. Imagine that somebody who is campaigning to take your 
rights away, to ensure that you don't have rights that are duly yours 
under the Constitution, and Shirley Chisholm was the one who showed up 
at the hospital.
  Talk about the charity and the spirit of that. That is so much bigger 
and so much greater than what we get to see in our common day.
  It is those special moments that give a perspective on who this 
person was. I didn't have the opportunity to know her, but I do get to 
pass her portrait here in the Capitol Building, and her portrait says 
it all. It absolutely says it all about who she was. I did not know 
her, but walking by that portrait, it is very clear who she was.
  When she says that she was unbought, unbossed, it is so clear in that 
portrait.
  When she retired in 1983, she returned to education, but she made an 
indelible mark on this institution, such that, in just her eight terms 
in this place, she had a lasting impact, such that we have a generation 
of lawmakers who look at her as an exemplar of who they hope to be and 
a symbol of what America can be.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of S. 4243 to honor Shirley Chisholm 
with the Congressional Gold Medal, and I yield back the balance of my 
time.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman McHenry for his generosity. 
I thank the gentleman for his support. This is one of the last actions 
my colleague may be taking prior to the closing of this session, and I 
want the gentleman to know we are very appreciative for the fact that 
he has taken the time to not only be here, but to share his time in a 
very generous way to Ms. Lee.
  Mr. Speaker, this important bill will award a Congressional Gold 
Medal in commemoration of Shirley Chisholm, an unbought and unbossed 
advocate for women and people of color.
  Today, we will vote to award this high honor to a woman who dared to 
be a catalyst for change. I thank Representative Barbara Lee for her 
work on this important bill, and, of course, again, I am proud to be an 
original cosponsor of this bill.
  Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge my colleagues to support this bill, 
and I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from California 
(Ms. Lee).
  Ms. LEE of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for 
yielding to me, and I want to respond to Chairman McHenry and thank the 
gentleman for bringing up the story about George Wallace. I have an 
addendum to the story.
  I was working in her campaign during that period, and I was furious 
that she would go to visit segregationist and racist George Wallace. I 
called her, and I was about ready to leave the campaign because, to me, 
that was so inconsistent with who she was.
  She took me to task again, and she said: Little girl, we have to 
remember we all are human beings, first of all. This is the right thing 
to do. He is paralyzed, and you never know what might happen when I go 
visit him.
  I will tell you what happened when she visited him. I have to say 
hello and salute Peggy Wallace Kennedy, who is a friend and who lives 
in Birmingham, Alabama. Peggy, several years ago, told me the story of 
what happened in that hospital room.
  If my colleagues have seen the film ``Shirley,'' that really 
accurately depicts what happened, what Peggy told 

[[Page H6349]]

me, but Shirley Chisholm went and visited George Wallace. She chilled 
me out a little bit. I stayed with the campaign, thank God.

  She talked to him, she prayed with him, and she encouraged him to 
look at his ways, his views, and his horrible treatment of Black 
people.
  Peggy told me that he prayed. She prayed.
  Fast-forward to after he got out of the hospital. He went to Dexter 
Avenue Baptist Church in his wheelchair. Of course, I say too little, 
too late, but he went down the aisle and apologized to the people of 
Alabama for what he had done as a segregationist and the Governor of 
Alabama.
  Again, I say too little, too late.
  Finally, she carried many bills fighting for domestic workers and 
fighting for low-income wage workers and fighting for people who were 
marginalized and didn't have a shot at the American Dream.
  Mr. Speaker, George Wallace helped her get cosponsors for her bills 
and helped her become a very effective legislator, and the rest is 
history.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman so much for bringing up that 
story. That was a pivotal point in my life because she taught me a lot, 
and she taught me to try to look beyond what is. I thank our Speaker 
also for his leadership and for his assistance in helping us bring this 
to the floor.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Lawler). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. McHenry) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 4243.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6349-H6350]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




     FORGOTTEN HEROES OF THE HOLOCAUST CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT

  Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (S. 91) to award a Congressional Gold Medal collectively to 60 
diplomats, in recognition of their bravery and heroism during the 
Holocaust.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                                 S. 91

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Forgotten Heroes of the 
     Holocaust Congressional Gold Medal Act''.

     SEC. 2. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS.

       (a) Findings.--Congress finds the following:
       (1) The following diplomats will be honored posthumously: 
     Per Anger (Sweden), Jose Maria Barreto Bustios (Peru), Lars 
     Berg (Sweden), Philippe Bernardini (Vatican/Italy), Hiram 
     (Harry) Bingham IV (United States), Friedrich Born 
     (Switzerland), Gilberto Bosques Saldivar (Mexico), Carlos de 
     Liz-Texeira Branquinho (Portugal), Samuel del Campo (Chile), 
     Aracy de Carvalho Guimaraes Rosa (Brazil), Jose Arturo 
     Castellanos Contreras (El Salvador), Carl Ivan Danielsson 
     (Sweden), Luis Martins de Souza Dantas (Brazil), Georg 
     Ferdinand Duckwitz (Germany), Harald Feller (Switzerland), 
     Francis (Frank) Foley (United Kingdom), Jean-Edouard 
     Friedrich (Switzerland), Carlos Almeida Afonseca de Sampaio 
     Garrido (Portugal), Raymond Herman Geist (United States), 
     Feng-Shan Ho (Republic of China), Constantin Karadja 
     (Romania), Alexander Kasser (Sandor Kasza) (Sweden), Elow 
     Kihlgren (Sweden), Joseph Willem (Joop) Kolkman 
     (Netherlands), Julius Kuhl (Poland), Aleksander 4ados 
     (Poland), Valdemar Langlet (Sweden), Charles (Carl) Lutz 
     (Switzerland), George Mandel-Mantello (El Salvador), Florian 
     Manoliu (Romania), Manuel Antonio Munoz Borrero (Ecuador), 
     Salomon Jacob (Sally) Noach (Netherlands), Giorgio (Jorge) 
     Perlasca (Spain/Italy), Ernst Prodolliet (Switzerland), 
     Eduardo Propper de Callejon (Spain), Franjo Puncuch 
     (Yugoslavia/Slovenia), Konstanty Rokicki (Poland), Sebastian 
     de Romero Radigales (Spain), Angelo Giuseppe Roncalli 
     (Vatican/Italy), Angelo Rotta (Vatican/Italy), Albert Emile 
     Routier (Turkey/France), Jose Ruiz Santaella (Spain), Stefan 
     Ryniewicz (Poland), Angel Sanz-Briz (Spain), Abdol-Hossein 
     Sardari (Iran), Henryk Slawik (Poland), Robert Smallbones 
     (United Kingdom), Aristides de Sousa Mendes (Portugal), Jan 
     Spisiak (Slovakia), Chiune (Sempo) Sugihara (Japan), 
     Ireanaeus Typaldos (Spain), Alexander (Sandor) Ujvary 
     (Vatican/Hungary), Selahattin Ulkumen (Turkey), Gennaro 
     Verolino (Vatican/Italy), Vladimir Vochoc (Czech Republic), 
     Ernst Vonrufs (Switzerland), Raoul Wallenberg (Sweden), 
     Guelfo Zamboni (Italy), Peter Zurcher (Switzerland), and Jan 
     Zwartendijk (Netherlands).
       (2) On September 1, 1939, Adolf Hitler and the Nazis began 
     their invasion of Europe, which started World War II and 
     threw the world into chaos. The Nazi plan of mass murder of 
     the Jewish population was in full motion. As battles were 
     being fought between countries, Jews were being rounded up 
     and sent to concentration camps throughout Europe. This 
     process began a mass exodus of people out of Europe, 
     especially those in the Jewish community.
       (3) During the war, members of the Jewish community used 
     every tool and means at their disposal to flee Nazi tyranny. 
     Thousands tried to flee on trains or boats to escape from 
     Europe.
       (4) While the armies of countries were fighting each other, 
     a handful of diplomats, from around the world, stepped 
     forward and took heroic actions to save Jews fleeing Europe. 
     This was an incredibly dangerous process. If the Nazis 
     discovered the actions of these diplomats they would be 
     expelled, as a few of them were. Also, while worrying about 
     the Nazis, diplomats had to worry about their careers and 
     livelihoods back home. Many of them had strict orders from 
     their home countries to not aid the Jewish population in any 
     way.
       (5) These diplomats used every means at their disposal to 
     help Jews fleeing persecution. One of the most powerful tools 
     the diplomats had to use was the issuing of passports and 
     travel visas contrary to the instruction of the governments 
     of the diplomats. This process alone is responsible for 
     saving hundreds of thousands of Jewish families in Europe. 
     This was not the only tool used as many of the diplomats were 
     connected with the local populations and were great 
     communicators for Jews trying to travel underground. They 
     were able set up safehouses and getaways to hide Jews and 
     especially Jewish children from Nazi authorities. In the most 
     dangerous of times, several of these diplomats confronted the 
     Nazis directly on behalf of the Jews and personally put 
     themselves in grave danger.
       (6) Every diplomat knew the dangers and knew what they were 
     up against, and still pushed forward to save those in the 
     most danger.
       (7) The Congressional Gold Medal authorized under this Act 
     will help remind humanity that when the diplomats were faced 
     with terrible crises, they went beyond the fold, including 
     risking their careers and the lives of themselves and their 
     families, to engage in this humanitarian mission. The 
     diplomats of today and future generations can look towards 
     these heroes and be inspired by their lives of heroism and 
     sacrifice.
       (8) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as stating or 
     implying that this group of honorees encompasses everyone who 
     took this type of heroic action during this era. As the title 
     attests, the ``Forgotten Heroes'' performed these deeds out 
     of righteousness, with no expectation of public acclaim. The 
     sponsors of this Act wish to honor this group of individuals 
     for whose deeds the historical record is currently definitive 
     and well-documented. Given that historical research is 
     ongoing, in the event that robust documentation from 
     professional historians, expert stakeholders, and public 
     input identify others worthy of official recognition, future 
     Congresses retain the right to recognize additional forgotten 
     heroes of the Holocaust pursuant to future legislation.

     SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL.

       (a) Presentation Authorized.--The Speaker of the House of 
     Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate 
     shall make appropriate arrangements for the presentation, on 
     behalf of Congress, of a single gold medal of appropriate 
     design in honor of the 60 diplomats identified in section 
     2(1), in recognition of their brave and vital service of 
     saving Jews during World War II.
       (b) Design and Striking.--For purposes of the presentation 
     referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury 
     (referred to in this Act as the ``Secretary'') shall strike a 
     single gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and 
     inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary.
       (c) Presentation of Medal.--The single gold medal presented 
     under subsection (a) shall be presented collectively to the 
     eldest next of kin of each of the 60 diplomats identified in 
     section 2(1), who shall receive the medal as part of a 
     delegation consisting of a senior official representative of 
     the country that each diplomat served and the cochairs of the 
     Forgotten Heroes of the Holocaust Committee.
       (d) United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.--
       (1) In general.--Following the award of the gold medal in 
     honor of the 60 diplomats identified in section 2(1), the 
     gold medal shall be given to the United States Holocaust 
     Memorial Museum, where it will be available for display as 
     appropriate and available for research.
       (2) Sense of congress.--It is the sense of Congress that 
     the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum should make the 
     gold medal awarded pursuant to this Act available for display 
     elsewhere, particularly at appropriate locations associated 
     with Holocaust remembrance.

     SEC. 4. DUPLICATE MEDALS.

       The Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of 
     the gold medal struck under section 3, at a price sufficient 
     to cover

[[Page H6350]]

     the costs thereof, including labor, materials, dies, use of 
     machinery, and overhead expenses.

     SEC. 5. STATUS OF MEDALS.

       (a) National Medal.--Medals struck pursuant to this Act are 
     national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, 
     United States Code.
       (b) Numismatic Items.--For purposes of sections 5134 and 
     5136 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under 
     this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items.

     SEC. 6. AUTHORITY TO USE FUND AMOUNTS; PROCEEDS OF SALE.

       (a) Authority To Use Fund Amounts.--There is authorized to 
     be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise 
     Fund such amounts as may be necessary to pay for the costs of 
     the medals struck under this Act.
       (b) Proceeds of Sale.--Amounts received from the sale of 
     duplicate bronze medals authorized under section 4 shall be 
     deposited into the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
North Carolina (Mr. McHenry) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. 
Waters) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina.


                             General Leave

  Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from North Carolina?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 91, a bill that would 
posthumously award the Congressional Gold Medal to the forgotten heroes 
of the Holocaust and that passed the House in June of this year.
  This bill will honor fearless heroes who rescued Jewish citizens who 
were being hunted by Adolf Hitler and the Nazi regime.
  These diplomats from around the world took quick and heroic action to 
save Jews attempting to flee Europe. They resisted the anti-Semitic 
Nazi agenda, risking their lives, safety, and successful careers. They 
risked their own lives to help innocent Jewish people flee persecution.
  Despite some receiving direct orders not to help the Jewish 
population, these diplomats issued passports and travel visas, set up 
safe houses and getaways to hide adults and children, and communicated 
with local communities to help fleeing Jews escape by traveling 
underground to safety.
  Because of these actions of these diplomats, hundreds of thousands of 
Jewish families in Europe escaped death at the hands of Hitler's Nazi 
regime.
  Today, we celebrate these diplomats and honor their lives and actions 
with the Congressional Gold Medal. Sadly, anti-Semitism is endemic and 
an unrelenting scourge on history and our society, rearing its ugly 
head even today, just as it did 80 years ago.
  S. 91 honors these diplomats who valiantly defied this systemic 
hatred by bravely doing what was right to stand up for not only the 
Jewish community but all of mankind. It is my hope that their courage 
will continue to inspire Americans today.
  I thank Congresswoman Salazar for introducing the House version, as 
well as Senator Hagerty for making important technical changes and 
sending this bill back to the House to ensure the final text of the 
bill is completely accurate.
  Mr. Speaker, I support this bill. I urge my colleagues to support it, 
as well, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 91, the Forgotten Heroes of the 
Holocaust Congressional Gold Medal Act, sponsored by Senator Hagerty.
  With this bill, we are honoring 60 diplomats from around the world in 
recognition of their brave and vital service of saving Jewish people 
during World War II.
  When Adolf Hitler and his Nazi regime were implementing a horrific 
mass murder of the Jewish population in Germany, a handful of diplomats 
from around the world stepped forward to assist the Jewish community, 
risking expulsion if discovered.
  Many of these diplomats also had strict orders from their home 
countries to not aid the Jewish population. Despite threats to their 
careers and livelihoods, these diplomats used the means at their 
disposal to help the Jewish community. They issued passports and travel 
visas, contrary to the instruction of their home countries, saving 
hundreds of thousands of Jewish families in Europe.
  The diplomats also connected with local populations to set up safe 
houses and getaways to hide people, specifically Jewish children, from 
Nazi authorities. Every diplomat was aware of the dangers yet continued 
with their efforts to save the Jewish population.
  Several diplomats confronted the Nazis directly on behalf of the 
Jews, personally putting themselves in immediate danger. The diplomats 
displayed bravery and heroism throughout the Holocaust and risked their 
careers and livelihoods to carry out this humanitarian mission.
  Today, we will vote to present them with our highest honor, the 
Congressional Gold Medal.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsors of this bill. I urge my colleagues 
to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for 
the purposes of closing.
  Mr. Speaker, this important bill will posthumously award a 
Congressional Gold Medal to 60 diplomats in recognition of their brave 
and vital service of saving Jewish people during World War II.

                              {time}  1800

  We should all be grateful for and inspired by their sacrifices.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsors of this bill, and I urge my 
colleagues to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.
  Mr. Speaker, it is important that this Congress make a statement and 
remember those valiant people around the globe, those forgotten heroes 
of the Holocaust, who did so much to save so many.
  Their story still has an impact on us today. One of the running 
themes of our discussions here this evening is the impact of others' 
lives and the examples of great men and women in our history that we 
should remember today.
  As a statement against anti-Semitism and for the valiant courage of 
those who were willing to risk their lives to save others, I think this 
is a very appropriate statement.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support S. 91, and I yield back 
the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. McHenry) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 91.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6350-H6353]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                ROBERTO CLEMENTE COMMEMORATIVE COIN ACT

  Ms. De La CRUZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 6751) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint 
commemorative coins in recognition of the life and legacy of Roberto 
Clemente.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 6751

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Roberto Clemente 
     Commemorative Coin Act''.

     SEC. 2. FINDINGS.

       The Congress finds the following:
       (1) Roberto Clemente Walker was born on August 18, 1934, to 
     Don Melchor Clemente and Luisa Walker in Barrio San Anton, 
     Carolina, Puerto Rico, as the youngest of 7 children.
       (2) Clemente excelled in athletics as a youngster and, at 
     the age of 17, was playing for the Santurce Cangrejeros 
     ``Crabbers'' of the Puerto Rican Baseball League.
       (3) In 1954, the Pittsburgh Pirates selected Clemente in 
     the first round of the Major League Baseball Rule 5 draft.

[[Page H6351]]

       (4) Pirates center fielder Earl Smith wore jersey number 21 
     until he parted ways with the team in April 1955, and 
     Clemente wore number 13 until then.
       (5) In 1955, Clemente made his Major League debut as he 
     went on to play for the Pittsburgh Pirates, starting as a 
     right fielder.
       (6) When the team traveled to Richmond, Virginia, for games 
     or Florida for spring training, Clemente encountered Jim Crow 
     laws for the first time when the Black players had to stay at 
     a separate, inferior hotel and were refused the option to 
     dine with their White counterparts.
       (7) Clemente was known for being a proud Afro-Latino and 
     protested the discrimination that Latin and Black ball 
     players encountered.
       (8) Clemente was known for defending the rights of Black 
     and Brown people, both on the field and in the streets.
       (9) After the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., in 
     1968, Clemente and his teammates refused to play until after 
     the funerals and even wrote a public statement showing their 
     respect for Dr. King.
       (10) Clemente became a union leader in the incipient Major 
     League Baseball Players Association and defended players' 
     rights to demand better working conditions and benefits.
       (11) In every city where the Pirates played, Clemente 
     visited sick children in hospitals.
       (12) Clemente established training clinics, providing 
     baseball lessons and fun for boys and girls in Pittsburgh, 
     his home island of Puerto Rico, and throughout Latin America.
       (13) In 1958, Clemente enlisted in the United States Marine 
     Corps Reserve after the 1958 season and spent 6 months on 
     active duty at Parris Island, South Carolina, and Camp 
     LeJeune, North Carolina.
       (14) Clemente served until 1964 and was inducted into the 
     Marine Corps Sports Hall of Fame in 2003.
       (15) By the end of his career, Clemente had joined the 
     exclusive 3,000-hit club, was selected to 15 All-Star teams, 
     and won 12 Gold Gloves, 2 World Series, and a National League 
     MVP award.
       (16) In Clemente's 18 seasons with Pittsburgh he won 4 
     batting titles, hit 240 home runs, and posted a lifetime .317 
     batting average.
       (17) In late 1972, a 6.3 magnitude earthquake ravaged 
     Managua, Nicaragua, and killed 5,000 people.
       (18) In his philanthropic spirit, Clemente sent shipments 
     of humanitarian aid to the country.
       (19) After learning that 3 previous shipments had been 
     diverted by corrupt Somoza Government officials, Clemente 
     decided to accompany one of the aid shipments.
       (20) The four-engine DC-7 plane Clemente chartered for a 
     flight on New Year's Eve crashed in the Atlantic Ocean 
     immediately after takeoff from the coast of Isla Verde, 
     Puerto Rico.
       (21) On December 31, 1972, Clemente died in the plane crash 
     at the age of 38 years young.
       (22) Since 1973, Major League Baseball gives out the 
     Roberto Clemente Award to one player in the league who ``best 
     exemplifies the game of baseball, sportsmanship, community 
     involvement and the individual's contribution to his team''.
       (23) In 2002, Major League Baseball declared the first 
     annual Roberto Clemente Day.
       (24) In 2021, Major League Baseball announced September 15 
     would be the permanent date of Roberto Clemente Day to 
     coincide with the beginning of Hispanic Heritage month.
       (25) Clemente was the first Latino player to accomplish 
     many feats in Major League Baseball.
       (26) Clemente was the first Puerto Rican, and first person 
     of Latino heritage, to win a World Series as a starter, be 
     named league MVP, be named World Series MVP, and be elected 
     to the Hall of Fame.
       (27) Clemente was posthumously elected to the National 
     Baseball Hall of Fame in 1973, being the first National 
     League baseball player to receive the mandatory 5-year 
     waiting period waiver.
       (28) Clemente was a legend in life and death, a baseball 
     star, a humanitarian activist, and a symbol of Latin American 
     pride;

     SEC. 3. COIN SPECIFICATIONS.

       (a) Denominations.--The Secretary of the Treasury 
     (hereafter in this Act referred to as the ``Secretary'') 
     shall mint and issue the following coin:
       (1) $5 gold coins.--Not more than 50,000 $5 coins, which 
     shall--
       (A) weigh 8.359 grams;
       (B) have a diameter of 0.850 inches; and
       (C) contain not less than 90 percent gold.
       (2) $1 silver coins.--Not more than 400,000 $1 coins, which 
     shall--
       (A) weigh 26.73 grams;
       (B) have a diameter of 1.500 inches; and
       (C) contain not less than 90 percent silver.
       (3) Half-dollar clad coins.--Not more than 750,000 half-
     dollar coins which shall--
       (A) weigh 11.34 grams;
       (B) have a diameter of 1.205 inches; and
       (C) be minted to the specifications for half-dollar coins 
     contained in section 5112(b) of title 31, United States Code.
       (b) Legal Tender.--The coins minted under this Act shall be 
     legal tender, as provided in section 5103 of title 31, United 
     States Code.
       (c) Numismatic Items.--For purposes of sections 5134 and 
     5136 of title 31, United States Code, all coins minted under 
     this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items.

     SEC. 4. DESIGN OF COINS.

       (a) Design Requirements.--
       (1) In general.--The designs of the coins minted under this 
     Act shall be emblematic of the life of Roberto Clemente 
     including his human rights activism and baseball stardom 
     legacy. At least one obverse design shall bear the image of 
     Roberto Clemente.
       (2) Designation and inscriptions.--On each coin minted 
     under this Act, there shall be--
       (A) an inscription of Roberto Clemente;
       (B) a designation of the denomination of the coin;
       (C) an inscription of the year ``2027''; and
       (D) inscriptions of the words ``Liberty'', ``In God We 
     Trust'', ``United States of America'', and ``E Pluribus 
     Unum''.
       (b) Selection.--The designs for the coins minted under this 
     Act shall be--
       (1) selected by the Secretary after consultation with the 
     Roberto Clemente Foundation, Roberto Clemente's living family 
     members, and the Commission of the Fine Arts; and
       (2) reviewed by the Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee.

     SEC. 5. ISSUANCE OF COINS.

       (a) Quality of Coins.--Coins minted under this Act shall be 
     issued in uncirculated and proof qualities.
       (b) Period for Issuance.--The Secretary may issue coins 
     under this Act only during the calendar year beginning on 
     January 1, 2027.

     SEC. 6. SALE OF COINS.

       (a) Sale Price.--The coins issued under this Act shall be 
     sold by the Secretary at a price equal to the sum of--
       (1) the face value of the coins;
       (2) the surcharge provided in section 7(a) with respect to 
     such coins; and
       (3) the cost of designing and issuing the coins (including 
     labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, overhead expenses, 
     marketing, and shipping).
       (b) Bulk Sales.--The Secretary shall make bulk sales of the 
     coins issued under this Act at a reasonable discount.
       (c) Prepaid Orders.--
       (1) In general.--The Secretary shall accept prepaid orders 
     for the coins minted under this Act before the issuance of 
     such coins.
       (2) Discount.--Sale prices with respect to prepaid orders 
     under paragraph (1) shall be at a reasonable discount.

     SEC. 7. SURCHARGES.

       (a) In General.--All sales of coins issued under this Act 
     shall include a surcharge of--
       (1) $35 per coin for the $5 coin;
       (2) $10 per coin for the $1 coin; and
       (3) $5 per coin for the half-dollar coin.
       (b) Distribution.--Subject to section 5134(f) of title 31, 
     United States Code, all surcharges received by the Secretary 
     from the sale of coins issued under this Act shall be paid to 
     the Roberto Clemente Foundation for application to general 
     expenses associated with the fulfillment of the mission of 
     the Roberto Clemente Foundation including for costs 
     associated with educational, youth sports, and disaster 
     relief historic preservation--
       (c) Audits.--The Roberto Clemente Foundation, shall be 
     subject to the audit requirements of section 5134(f)(2) of 
     title 31, United States Code, with regard to the amounts 
     received under subsection (b).
       (d) Limitation.--Notwithstanding subsection (a), no 
     surcharge may be included with respect to the issuance under 
     this Act of any coin during a calendar year if, as of the 
     time of such issuance, the issuance of such coin would result 
     in the number of commemorative coin programs issued during 
     such year to exceed the annual 2 commemorative coin program 
     issuance limitation under section 5112(m)(1) of title 31, 
     United States Code (as in effect on the date of the enactment 
     of this Act). The Secretary may issue guidance to carry out 
     this subsection.

     SEC. 8. FINANCIAL ASSURANCES.

       The Secretary shall take such actions as may be necessary 
     to ensure that--
       (1) minting and issuing coins under this Act will not 
     result in any net cost to the United States Government; and
       (2) no funds, including applicable surcharges, shall be 
     disbursed to any recipient designated in section 7 until the 
     total cost of designing and issuing all of the coins 
     authorized by this Act (including labor, materials, dies, use 
     of machinery, overhead expenses, marketing, and shipping) is 
     recovered by the United States Treasury, consistent with 
     sections 5112(m) and 5134(f) of title 31, United States Code.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LaLota). Pursuant to the rule, the 
gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. De La Cruz) and the gentlewoman from 
California (Ms. Waters) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas.


                             General Leave

  Ms. De La CRUZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Texas?
  There was no objection.

[[Page H6352]]

  Ms. De La CRUZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6751, a bill to mint a 
commemorative coin in recognition of the exemplary life and legacy of 
Roberto Clemente.
  Roberto Clemente has inspired countless Americans through his 
impressive athletic achievements and unyielding generosity.
  Born on August 18, 1934, in Carolina, Puerto Rico, Roberto Clemente 
was the youngest of seven children. From an early age, he excelled 
athletically, especially at baseball.
  After a brief stint in the minors, Clemente joined the Pittsburgh 
Pirates for the 1955 season. He would go on to become arguably the 
greatest Pirate to ever wear the jersey, a 15-time all-star, two-time 
World Series champion, and the 1966 National League MVP winner.
  To underscore just how much Clemente meant to the sport of baseball, 
he would become the second player in history to have the 5-year waiting 
period waived before being inducted into the Hall of Fame through a 
special ballot in 1973.
  Roberto Clemente was much more than one of the greatest baseball 
players of all time. He was a fierce advocate for racial equality.
  Clemente insisted the Pirates provide African-American and Latino 
players with their own bus so they could travel to restaurants. He was 
also widely known for his philanthropic efforts. He spent much of his 
time away from the ballpark collecting donations for Latin American 
countries, visiting children in hospitals, and putting on baseball 
clinics for kids from Pittsburgh to Puerto Rico.
  Clemente's reputation for generosity continued until his tragic death 
in 1972 while delivering aid to Nicaragua following a devastating 
earthquake. His untimely passing at the age of 38 was honored by 3 days 
of official national mourning in his native Puerto Rico, which brought 
an abrupt stop to Presidential inauguration celebrations.
  When celebrations resumed, Puerto Rico's Secretary of State Fernando 
Chardon gave a befitting tribute: ``We have with us today the spirit of 
a man, Roberto Clemente, who helped teach independentistas, 
statehooders, and commonwealthers how to play good baseball and become 
better citizens.''
  H.R. 6751 will honor Roberto Clemente for his outstanding 
achievements both on and off the baseball field.
  Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support 
it, as well.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6751, the Roberto Clemente 
Commemorative Coin Act, sponsored by Representative Espaillat.
  This bill honors the life and legacy of Roberto Clemente, who is 
renowned not just for being an exceptional baseball player but also for 
being an Afro-Puerto Rican cultural icon and human rights activist. I 
am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill.
  When Clemente started his major league debut with the Pittsburgh 
Pirates in 1955, he encountered Jim Crow laws that forced Black players 
to stay at separate, inferior hotels and refused them the option to 
dine with their White teammates.
  When he reported to spring training for the first time, Black players 
had to wait on the bus for their White teammates to bring them food 
from restaurants after games. Clemente despised the routine and 
threatened to fight Black players who took the food, and he later 
requested separate transportation. The Pirates eventually provided a 
station wagon for the Black players.
  In late 1972, a 6.3 magnitude earthquake hit Managua, Nicaragua, 
killing 5,000 people. In response, Roberto Clemente sent shipments of 
humanitarian aid to the country. After learning that three previous 
shipments had been diverted by corrupt government officials, Clemente 
decided to accompany one of the aid shipments.
  During this trip, however, Roberto Clemente tragically died in a 
plane crash. This commemorative coin would ensure that Clemente's 
selflessness would never be forgotten.
  Roberto Clemente has been recognized for his achievements as a 
baseball player, a humanitarian activist, and a symbol of Latin 
American pride. This commemorative coin bill would continue to 
recognize his life and legacy.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Ms. De La CRUZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to 
the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Mrs. Gonzalez-Colon).
  Mrs. GONZALEZ-COLON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for 
yielding the time, Chairman McHenry for allowing this bill, and, of 
course, my great friend from New York, Congressman Espaillat, for 
introducing H.R. 6751 with me. It has been hard work getting this bill 
to the floor with 296 cosponsors. I think that is a number we should 
remember. The legacy of Roberto Clemente is so big that 296 Members of 
Congress cosponsored this bill.
  Mr. Speaker, I am honored to stand here as Puerto Rico's sole 
representative in Congress to honor one of the greatest, Roberto 
Clemente. I co-introduced H.R. 6751, the Roberto Clemente Commemorative 
Coin Act, with my friend and colleague, Congressman Espaillat. It is 
important to know that in 1958, he enlisted in the Marine Corps Reserve 
and then went to Active Duty. Many people are not aware of the legacy 
of Roberto Clemente defending our Nation.

  This bill would require the Department of the Treasury to mint and 
issue coins in recognition of the life and legacy of the baseball 
legend from Puerto Rico, Roberto Clemente Walker. Proceeds from the 
sale of these coins will support the Roberto Clemente Foundation, which 
offers a variety of community education, sport, and other programs.
  Roberto Clemente, the first-ever Latino to be inducted into the 
Baseball Hall of Fame, was an exemplary figure in all aspects of his 
life, not just sports. A superstar with assured fame, he never stopped 
caring and working for those less fortunate.
  On the playing field, he was among the pioneers who, even in the face 
of persistent discrimination, knew how to prove himself and silence 
critics. He reached championships in two World Series, including in 
1971, when he was named the Most Valuable Player. Clemente won 12 Gold 
Gloves and 4 batting titles, was a 12-time member of the all-star team, 
and is one of the 33 players in the history of Major League Baseball to 
be part of the exclusive 3,000 hit club.
  During the off-season, he remained engaged with supporting 
communities in Puerto Rico and in neighboring countries in the 
Caribbean, using sports as a vehicle to motivate communities and 
provide opportunities for development to disadvantaged families.
  On December 31, 1972, Clemente boarded a flight to Nicaragua to lead 
relief efforts following an earthquake in that country. Tragically, the 
flight faulted during takeoff, resulting in a crash that claimed the 
lives of all on board.
  This loss is still felt today. Many of us continue advocating for 
Major League Baseball to permanently retire the number 21 across the 
leagues to honor Clemente's legacy.
  Also, although the Capitol's Statuary Hall does not currently have 
statues of heroes from the U.S. territories, if it did, surely Clemente 
would be the first to be installed for Puerto Rico.
  For that reason, I filed H.R. 4065 to specially provide for such 
recognition to Clemente as I believe his statue must be among those of 
great Americans in these Halls. I expect that we will approve that bill 
sometime as well.
  Today, we recognize Clemente by supporting this commemorative coin.
  Mr. Speaker, again, I thank Congressman Espaillat for working 
together with me for many months to get and hit the 296 number. I 
appreciate all the support from Members of this House to honor Roberto 
Clemente, which is big for Puerto Rico and, of course, for the Nation.
  ``I have to say it in Spanish. Roberto Clemente was and is one of the 
superstars that served Puerto Rico''; ``Lo tengo que decir en Espanol. 
Roberto Clemente fue y es una de las super estrellas que sirvio a 
Puerto Rico.''
  Mr. Speaker, I feel proud to serve as a Member of Congress. In 
January, I am going to be serving as Governor of

[[Page H6353]]

Puerto Rico, so for me, this is a double honor to make this happen. 
Congressman Espaillat and I expect that the Senate can do something 
about it.

                              {time}  1815

  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. Espaillat), who is also the sponsor of this bill.
  Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I thank, of course, the Resident 
Commissioner from Puerto Rico, Jenniffer Gonzalez-Colon, for her 
leadership in getting 296 Members of the House to sponsor this bill. 
That is way under Roberto Clemente's batting average, but it is still a 
great number.
  Of course, I also thank our ranking member, Maxine Waters, and 
Chairman Patrick McHenry for their collegiality and support of this 
measure.
  Long before the Latinization of baseball, long before we enjoyed 
seeing players from many Latin-American and Caribbean nations on the 
diamond play, there was the great number 21, Roberto Clemente, and that 
is why today I rise in support of H.R. 6751, the Roberto Clemente 
Commemorative Coin Act.
  Roberto Clemente was a baseball icon and trailblazer, breaking 
barriers as the first Latin American inducted into the Cooperstown 
National Baseball Hall of Fame as one of the greatest players of all 
time. We have heard about the 15 All-Star Games, and we have heard of 
his MVP winning years. He got his 3,000th hit on his last at bat before 
he unfortunately passed on a mission to Nicaragua.
  Clemente was much more than a baseball star. He used his platform to 
advocate for civil rights and racial equality as he played throughout 
the Jim Crow South. In fact, Clemente and many other MLB players 
protested the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., by not 
playing the first two games of 1968.
  He fought for justice not just here in the United States but abroad 
as well. Clemente's dedication to service extended beyond the baseball 
diamond. As a proud member of the Marine Corps Reserve, he exemplified 
discipline, leadership, and pride, earning the rank of Private First 
Class.
  Perhaps most inspiring was his humanitarian work. During his off 
seasons, Clemente would host free baseball clinics for underprivileged 
kids, giving aspiring players an opportunity they wouldn't have 
otherwise. He also delivered aid to numerous Latin American countries, 
including his hometown in Puerto Rico.
  Tragically, he lost his life on New Year's Eve 1972 while on an 
earthquake relief mission to Nicaragua. It was a selfless act that 
defined his legacy.
  In his honor, Major League Baseball established the Roberto Clemente 
Award. Given annually, it recognizes a player who best exemplifies 
baseball's sportsmanship and community involvement. It has been given 
to many, many baseball greats.
  This bill pays tribute to Clemente's unparalleled contributions, 
making him the first Afro-Latino and Puerto Rican featured on a 
commemorative coin. Proceeds from the coin will benefit the Roberto 
Clemente Foundation.
  Roberto Clemente was a humanitarian, a civil rights advocate, a 
baseball legend, a marine. By passing this bill, we honor his life, 
legacy, and enduring impact on the world.
  Let's remember number 21. Let's remember the great one, Roberto 
Enrique Clemente Walker.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this 
extraordinary measure.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. Deluzio).
  Mr. DELUZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6751, the Roberto 
Clemente Commemorative Coin Act.
  Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent people in western Pennsylvania, 
and that means representing many Pittsburgh Pirates fans. No man means 
more to the Pirates than the great Roberto Clemente.
  Buccos fans today wear his number with special pride, and we speak 
his name with reverence. It is joked that he could field the ball in 
New York and throw a guy out in Pennsylvania. We are serious when we 
say that Roberto Clemente was one of the greatest to play the game, at 
bat and in the outfield. He was the best of us, and we will always have 
a special place for him in our hearts, in the hearts of Pirates fans 
and so many across our country.
  Roberto Clemente's hardworking spirit and care for his neighbors 
modeled the core values of the good people of western Pennsylvania that 
became his home.
  His tragic death was mourned by so many as he was seeking to serve 
those in need, but his excellence on and off the field left an impact 
and a legacy that still continue to this day.
  Clemente's record as a humanitarian and activist remains an 
inspiration to millions across the world. For decades, the Roberto 
Clemente Foundation has kept his legacy alive through their work to 
serve kids, veterans, and victims of disasters across the country and 
around the world.
  We can honor his legacy by passing this bill that I am proud to 
cosponsor.
  Ms. De La CRUZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
Florida (Mr. Frost).
  Mr. FROST. Mr. Speaker, throughout my life, I dealt with a lot of 
identity issues. I was adopted at birth. My mom came here from Cuba in 
the late 1960s. My dad was born in Kansas but is a musician deeply 
rooted in Black and Latino music. My biological mother is Lebanese and 
Puerto Rican, and my biological father is Haitian, so I have got a lot 
going on.
  I never quite knew who I was in terms of my identity, and I dealt 
with this throughout my whole life. There were times in my life where I 
despised my Blackness. There were times in my life where I despised my 
Latino heritage.
  I bring up my own story because there are so many times where I felt 
lost, but sometimes you have got to see someone who looks like you fly 
to know that you can, too. One of those people for so many Black 
Latinos and Afro-Latinos is Roberto Clemente. He wasn't just one of the 
best ever to play the sport, but he walked in this tradition that is 
deeply rooted in the Black tradition and the Latino tradition of deep 
solidarity--not solidarity as an empathy but solidarity as a verb.

  ``Any time you have an opportunity to make a difference in this world 
and you don't, then you are wasting your time on Earth.'' That is a 
call to action for all of us.
  I am proud to support this bill. I am proud to support any time that 
we can uplift Black Latinos in this country who have done so much for 
this country and so much for this world.
  Ms. De La CRUZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I am 
prepared to close if the gentlewoman is prepared to close. I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for 
the purpose of closing.
  This bill will direct the U.S. Mint to create a commemorative coin to 
honor the life and legacy of Roberto Clemente, a baseball player and 
human rights activist, with proceeds going to the Roberto Clemente 
Foundation.
  He used his platform as a baseball player to push for equal rights in 
sports and has become a symbol of Afro-Puerto Rican pride. I am proud 
to cosponsor this bill.
  I thank Representative Espaillat for his work on this important bill, 
and I again urge my colleagues to support this bill. I yield back the 
balance of my time.
  Ms. De La CRUZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
6751, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. De La Cruz) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6751.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6353-H6355]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 DISABLED VETERANS HOUSING SUPPORT ACT

  Ms. De La CRUZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 7480) to amend section 102(a)(20) of the Housing and 
Community Development Act of 1974 to require the exclusion of service-
connected disability compensation when determining whether a person is 
a person of

[[Page H6354]]

low and moderate income, a person of low income, or a person of 
moderate income, and for other purposes, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7480

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Disabled Veterans Housing 
     Support Act''.

     SEC. 2. SERVICE CONNECTED DISABILITY COMPENSATION.

       Section 102(a)(20) of the Housing and Community Development 
     Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5302(a)(20)) is amended by adding at 
     the end the following:
       ``(C) Service-connected disability compensation.--When 
     determining whether a person is a person of low and moderate 
     income, a person of low income, or a person of moderate 
     income under this paragraph, a State, unit of general local 
     government, or Indian tribe shall exclude any service-
     connected disability compensation received by such person 
     from the Department of Veterans Affairs.''.

     SEC. 3. REPORT.

       The Comptroller General of the United States shall, not 
     later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this 
     Act, submit to the Congress a report that--
       (1) examines how service-connected disability compensation 
     is treated for the purposes of determining eligibility for 
     all programs administered by the Secretary of Housing and 
     Urban Development;
       (2) identifies any instances where service-connected 
     disability compensation is treated in a manner inconsistent 
     with the amendment made by section 2; and
       (3) with respect to each program administered by the 
     Secretary of Housing and Urban Development in which service-
     connected disability compensation is treated inconsistently, 
     provides legislative recommendations relating to how such 
     program could better serve veteran populations, and under-
     served communities.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
Texas (Ms. De La Cruz) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas.


                             General Leave

  Ms. De La CRUZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on this bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Texas?
  There was no objection.
  Ms. De La CRUZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  I rise today in strong support of my bill, H.R. 7480, the Disabled 
Veterans Housing Support Act, and urge my colleagues to join me in 
passing this critical legislation.
  Our Nation's disabled veterans have made extraordinary sacrifices in 
service to our great country. It is our duty to ensure they receive the 
respect and support they have earned, especially when it comes to 
housing.
  This bipartisan bill addresses a glaring oversight. HUD currently 
allows multiple different definitions of income to determine 
eligibility for community development block grant assistance. This 
inconsistency means a veteran could be disqualified simply because 
their service-connected disability compensation is counted as income in 
one definition but excluded in another. This is not just a bureaucratic 
glitch. It denies veterans vital assistance.
  H.R. 7480 fixes this by requiring VA service-connected disability be 
excluded from income eligibility calculations. It ensures no veteran is 
penalized for benefits they earned.
  This is a commonsense, bipartisan solution. Let us act today to 
remove these obstacles and honor our veterans with the dignity they 
deserve.
  I thank the bipartisan cosponsors of this legislation, including 
Congressman Brad Sherman and the multiple veterans associations that 
have offered their support, including The American Legion.
  Again, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 7480, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  At a time when our Nation faces an unprecedented affordable housing 
and homelessness crisis, which House Republicans have done nothing to 
address over the last 2 years, it is unthinkable to consider reducing 
support for the very individuals who have risked their lives to defend 
our freedom.
  When this bill came before our committee, we understood that this 
bill perhaps will lessen the kind of support that very, very poor 
veterans get. We know that, in fact, those veterans with disabilities, 
for example, are being penalized in ways because that disability check 
that they are getting does not fully support them. Any money that they 
get for their disability should not be taken into consideration for 
whether or not they are eligible, and so in trying to balance what we 
do for disability and for the poor veterans, we thought perhaps this 
wasn't the right way to do it.

                              {time}  1830

  Mr. Speaker, do you know what? Given the housing crisis and the needs 
that veterans have, we certainly have changed our opinion on the 
thought that perhaps the bill was not the right one. We support this 
bill.
  Mr. Speaker, I want you to know that the incoming Trump 
administration has endorsed basically what I just described as doing 
nothing to address the housing and homeless crisis over the last 2 
years.
  Today's bipartisan bill, the Disabled Veterans Housing Support Act, 
represents an important stance by the House of Representatives to 
oppose efforts to slash housing programs like the Community Development 
Block Grant program and benefits for U.S. veterans generally.
  It has to be very clear that we support the Community Development 
Block Grant program, period. We also support the idea that disabled 
veterans should not be penalized because they are getting disability 
benefits and that it would be considered having too much money in order 
to qualify for some housing programs. We join with our friends from 
across the aisle in support of this legislation.
  Mr. Speaker, I want you to know that we are thinking very, very hard 
about some of the coming actions that will be taken by this new 
administration as it relates to veterans.
  When we see and understand how best to help veterans--those who are 
getting disability benefits and those who are poor, who are standing in 
line, who are waiting to get benefits--we don't want the new 
administration to take any action against our veterans, against our 
disabled veterans.
  Mr. Speaker, I am really worried about co-president Musk and what he 
said in an op-ed. He said he plans to slash nearly $500 billion in 
government spending where congressional authorization has expired. That 
figure includes nearly $120 billion in funding for veterans, including 
money for VA hospitals, doctors, nurses, medications, and procedures.
  Notably, the program we are amending today, the Community Development 
Block Grant program, also has elapsed authorization. That means it will 
also be on the chopping block. I hope my Republican colleagues are 
paying attention. We are paying attention. Passage of this bill would 
only help veterans if Republicans also block co-president Musk's 
efforts to eliminate CDBG entirely.
  I strongly oppose co-president Elon Musk's efforts to harm veterans, 
to strip affordable housing from families, and to take away Federal 
grants used to educate our children.
  Instead, we should look to see how mega-billionaires like co-
president Musk and others pay their fair share in taxes. They profit 
handsomely, often at the expense of Americans, and they should have to 
pay a larger portion.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I want both 
sides of the aisle to look closely at everything that has been said 
about our veterans and any attempts to undermine their ability to have 
a decent quality of life and to get the support that they expect.
  If you look closely, no matter what is being said, let's join 
together on both sides of the aisle and support our veterans, no matter 
what. Let's tell co-president Elon Musk that, no, he will not, shall 
not, and must not do anything to harm our veterans when talking about 
getting rid of all unauthorized programs. We have seen the light, and 
we hope he will see the light.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. De La CRUZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
California (Mr. Sherman), who is also the

[[Page H6355]]

ranking member of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets.
  Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, Congress over the years has created Federal 
programs that help the housing insecure, particularly veterans. Of 
course, to qualify for these programs, you need to have income under a 
certain threshold.
  However, we have to focus on how to calculate that income level. 
Particularly, do you include disability benefits in the income of those 
seeking this housing? It is usually homeless people seeking the 
housing. I think that you should not, especially when the effect of 
considering that disability payment is to deny housing to a homeless 
disabled veteran.
  Our Internal Revenue Code already recognizes that disability benefits 
paid to veterans are not to be considered income. At our urging, the 
Department of Housing and Urban Development has reached the same 
conclusion, at least for now.
  Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to have statutory provisions that make 
it clear that disability benefits paid by the VA should not be included 
in calculating eligibility for veterans housing.
  The reason for that is that we cannot assume that two people with 
equivalent incomes are living at the same level because someone who is 
disabled has additional challenges. That is why they are receiving the 
disability benefits.
  Being disabled is expensive. It requires aides. It means that you 
can't get across town or go even a few miles to take advantage of a 
store that is offering goods at a lower price. Disability benefits 
partially compensate for the disability. They should not have the 
effect of keeping a homeless person or a person close to homelessness 
out of housing.
  That is why our committee passed two bills to deal with this issue. 
Today, we deal with Congresswoman De La Cruz's bill, which I strongly 
support and which I hope will pass unanimously here today. I am the 
chief Democratic cosponsor on that bill. That bill excludes veterans' 
service-connected disability payments from eligibility under the HUD 
Community Development Block Grant program.
  There is another program that is dealt with by separate legislation, 
for which Congresswoman De La Cruz serves as the chief cosponsor. That 
bill, H.R. 8340, is the Housing Unhoused Disabled Veterans Act. That 
bill, which I am proud to have authored, passed our committee, the 
Financial Services Committee, unanimously 49-0 and has over 101 
cosponsors.

  Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone here today to vote for the bill that is 
before us today. I will point out that both that bill and the other 
bill that I mentioned have a zero score.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the 
gentleman from California.
  Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I believe both bills I mentioned here have 
a zero score. Both are overwhelmingly supported by our veterans service 
organizations, including the VFW, Vietnam Veterans of America, The 
American Legion, Disabled American Veterans, U.S. VETS, and Black 
Veterans Empowerment Council.
  We have two bills. Let's pass one today. Let's persuade leadership to 
give us a few more minutes of floor time so we can pass the other bill 
next week. We will get them both over to the Senate.
  Mr. Speaker, I look forward to calling Senator Scott and Senator 
Brown to say these bills deserve to be fast-tracked and passed through 
the Senate right away.
  Ms. De La CRUZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers and am prepared 
to close.
  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Ms. WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.
  Today, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Community 
Development Block Grant program helps local communities fund housing 
and economic development projects that primarily serve low-income and 
moderate-income households, including many veterans.
  Like many civilians, countless veterans are struggling to make ends 
meet while housing costs continue to rise. It is thanks to Federal 
housing programs under the Biden-Harris administration that Democrats 
have successfully reduced homelessness among veterans to its lowest 
level ever. It is thanks to Federal investments in the housing supply 
that the Biden-Harris administration has helped build more homes and 
slowed the rate of housing inflation compared to the previous 
administration.
  Last Congress, Democrats successfully passed four housing bills into 
law. Meanwhile, as of today, Republicans have passed zero housing bills 
into law and have passed just one housing bill on the House floor 
before today, which would hike up mortgage rates and make homeownership 
more expensive.
  Today, the Disabled Veterans Housing Support Act finally represents a 
bipartisan commitment to the Federal Government's role in housing and 
supporting our Nation's veterans. Indeed, it is because of our duty to 
secure the well-being and dignity of those who have served that no one 
in this Chamber can rest easy if they care about veterans.
  Co-president Elon Musk is already eyeing massive cuts to veteran 
benefits, up to $120 billion. I hope we will similarly see strong 
bipartisanship as we oppose those efforts next Congress.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  Ms. De La CRUZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.
  I would like to take a moment to say what a proud moment this is. In 
the crazy Halls of Congress, we can actually get some commonsense 
legislation passed off the House floor. I am confident that the Senate 
will see how important this small change can be in making a big 
difference specifically with our veterans.
  Our veterans give so much to this great country, and I am so proud 
that we came together. I thank my colleague, Congressman Sherman, for 
working in a bipartisan manner to get this bill done. I know how 
important his bill is, as well. Ultimately, it is about our veterans 
and making sure that our veterans are not homeless.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 7480, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. De La Cruz) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7480, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Page H6355]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              CONGRATULATING NWSL CHAMPIONS ORLANDO PRIDE

  (Mr. FROST asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. FROST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the recent victory 
of the 2024 National Women's Soccer League champions, the Orlando 
Pride.
  This incredible team not only secured the NWSL championship but also 
claimed the NWSL Shield, the first time since 2019 a team has completed 
both accomplishments.
  They are the first professional sports team from Orlando to win a 
major league trophy, making history for my hometown and my district.
  This victory is more than just a trophy. It represents the talent, 
grit, and passion of this diverse team of amazing women who have 
brought our central Florida community together in celebration.
  Thanks to the Orlando Pride's success, Orlando's reputation as a top 
sports destination grows even stronger.
  I congratulate the team. They have always been the Pride of Orlando. 
They are now the champions of the Nation.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6355-H6357]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              WORK STILL TO BE DONE IN THE 118TH CONGRESS

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker's announced policy of 
January 9, 2023, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Moore) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader.


                             General Leave

  Mr. MOORE of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all 
Members may have 5 legislative days in

[[Page H6356]]

which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous 
material on the topic of this Special Order.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Utah?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. MOORE of Utah. Mr. Speaker, as we begin our brief Special Order 
tonight, just to kind of highlight some of the things going on, House 
Republicans are working very hard through the end of the 118th Congress 
to push several pieces of legislation that deliver results for 
Americans and reflect on our conservative agenda.
  This week, we are championing bills that support our small businesses 
and protect our schools from communist propaganda. Across the country, 
small businesses are struggling with burdensome red tape and Federal 
regulations. This week, House Republicans are bringing to the floor 
Congressman Finstad's Prove It Act, which will support our small 
businesses by enhancing the integrity and transparency of our 
regulatory processes, reduce red tape, and drive our economy forward.
  We have seen this over and over again. The American people decided in 
November that they wanted to push our economy toward the upward 
mobility that we need, and the key aspect of this is making sure that 
we have the proper regulatory reform in place.
  This is one excessively burdensome area remaining from the current 
administration, and we look forward to taking a bill like this and 
driving it to its fate and getting things accomplished in the coming 
months.
  We are also supporting Congresswoman Salazar's Crucial Communism 
Teaching Act to provide civic education curricula and educational 
materials for middle and high school students about the dangers of 
communism and totalitarianism.
  I am grateful for my colleagues for joining me this evening to 
discuss these important measures.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from Florida (Ms. Lee).
  Ms. LEE of Florida. Mr. Speaker, Florida's 15th District is home to 
thousands of small businesses that create jobs, spur economic growth, 
and contribute to the cultural fabric of our community.
  There are few things more inspiring than when I get to meet people in 
our community who had an idea to start a business or saw a need to be 
met and worked hard to make it happen. That is the American spirit at 
work.
  For the past 4 years, small businesses across the country have seen 
firsthand the increase in new and burdensome rules, regulations, and 
mandates being handed down by the Biden-Harris administration, making 
it harder for small businesses to thrive.
  Congress must do all it can to ensure that Main Street has the tools 
it needs to succeed and continue to support the American Dream, and 
that starts with government getting out of the way.
  That is why I am proud to support H.R. 7198, the Prove It Act of 
2024. Too often, small businesses are overlooked when it comes to 
analyzing the impact of new government regulations and mandates. This 
bill will strengthen current requirements for government agencies to 
consider and account for the impact of proposed regulations on the 
small business community.
  Additionally, this legislation will increase small business owners' 
engagement in the regulatory process preventing further executive 
overreach and holding government bureaucrats accountable.
  Mr. Speaker, small business owners deserve a seat at the table, and 
the Prove It Act will do just that.
  Mr. MOORE of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from 
California (Mr. LaMalfa), to share with us some of the key things we 
are trying to accomplish here in the waning days of the 118th Congress.
  Mr. LaMALFA. Mr. Speaker, we cover a wide range of topics here, and 
it is important that we discuss many of them with the public. Something 
that is an interesting trend these days and is lost in the memory or 
never even learned about by newer generations is the topic of 
communism.
  What? Yeah. It is something that needs to be understood better 
because when you see polls out there that 28 percent of Gen Z view 
communism favorably--which shows a very fundamental misunderstanding of 
its consequences and what it is about--it is very alarming.
  You have 19 percent of Gen Z that believes a dictatorship would be 
the best political system. With the rhetoric flying these days, the 
word ``fascism'' is thrown around so loosely or calling politicians in 
this country ``Nazis,'' this is all cut from a very similar cloth.
  For people to believe that a dictatorship or these types of--it is 
not even government, it is just flat power over the people. What it 
really boils down to, these trends are the result of a failure to 
adequately educate our youth about that history, about how brutal that 
history is. How did it come on board?
  When you think about in Russia, the Bolsheviks, murdering the powers 
that be back in the teens of the last century in order to gain power, 
that is being lost on people these days.
  Oh, communism sounds good. Even the word ``socialism,'' well that 
means you are social, right? No. Think of Communism as being rooted in 
a very dangerous, very centralized government and controlling the 
people.
  For example, here in this country, there are approximately 500 U.S. 
schools from K-12 that will host what is called the Confucius 
classrooms funded by the Chinese Communist Party. These programs 
promote the Communist Party propaganda. They whitewash the atrocities 
of communism and distort history to undermine American values.
  Again, look at the amount of murdering that has gone on in the 
Russian era of communism, in the Asian areas, South America, and just 
off the coast of Florida in Cuba.
  These programs are a deliberate attempt to influence the minds of 
young Americans creating a dangerous foothold in our education system 
and softening the whole idea of what communism really did mean. 
Teaching the truth about communism is not just about history, it is 
about safeguarding the future of our own form of government.
  Civic education must include an honest account of communism's 
failures--the failures. Where has it been tried that it has really 
worked and provided the people with more freedom, more prosperity, more 
choices, more options? It hasn't worked anywhere.
  They become more and more oppressed, poorer, much worse off quality 
of life, and end up attacking other countries that still do love 
freedom. By failing to address these truths, we are raising a 
generation unprepared to defend our freedoms and even our homeland.
  This week, House Republicans are considering legislation by our 
Florida colleague, Congresswoman Salazar. It is called the Crucial 
Communism Teaching Act. The bill directs the Victims of Communism 
Memorial Foundation to develop and provide civic education materials 
for middle and high school students to understand.
  These materials will highlight the devastating consequences of 
communism, the importance of standing against these totalitarian 
regimes. It is not just an education as mentioned a minute ago. It is a 
national security issue and a moral obligation to teach our kids 
properly. I appreciate Congresswoman Salazar making this effort as a 
Florida Member.
  Right next door, prime example, Cuba is just 70, 80, 90 miles or so 
from Florida. Why do people take boats and they fashion rafts and 
whatever means they can to escape Cuba and try to come to the shores of 
the U.S.? It is not because communism is popular and is giving them 
more choices and more freedom, is it? In so many cases, people are 
desperately trying to break out.
  When Ronald Reagan demanded Mr. Gorbachev to tear down that wall 
between East Germany and West Germany, there didn't used to be an East 
and West Germany before that timeline, but on the heels of World War II 
and the occupation of that.
  It required the Berlin Airlift just a couple years after World War II 
to keep those people sustained because of the Russian bear having taken 
over that portion of Germany when they completely misread what the 
treaty at the time was to keep Germany in line after World War II.
  Instead, Russia took it as an opportunity to take it over and so many 
other, what had been free states, free countries in the area, Poland. 
They imposed all that. It wasn't willful.

[[Page H6357]]

  Indeed, communism might sneak in, but you have to shoot your way out 
of it is what people have learned. In the case of this issue with Cuba 
right next door, 50-plus years of Castro. I am glad my Florida 
colleague can point this out because her own State has been the 
recipient of many people escaping communism and trying to have the life 
that we all deserve as human beings.
  If we fail to teach these horrors to these next generations, we will 
dishonor the millions of victims who suffered under the regimes and the 
many soldiers that died on the field to try and push back communism.
  We had so many suffer, over 50,000 losses in this country to try at 
some level to beat communism in Vietnam. Why should we waste those 
lives? Why should we not learn? Why should the next generation not 
learn? It was a poorly run attempt by the government at the time, but 
that should not be lost as we honor those Vietnam veterans and welcome 
them home during a time of strife that they were not always properly 
welcomed or thanked for something they didn't create.
  We owe it to future generations to have them recognize and reject 
these oppressive ideologies. We, as Members of Congress, have a duty to 
ensure the truth prevails in American classrooms and in the media, and 
even with it said here on this House floor so that next generation will 
understand, and current generations, that sometimes think they want to 
vote in this sort of thinking into our government, into those who rule 
us or would rule us.
  Mr. Speaker, indeed, our freedom is at stake. We should not take it 
for granted.
  Mr. MOORE of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I will close as I reiterate, at the 
close of the 118th Congress--and what a historic Congress it has been--
we are trying to finish this out with doing some of the core things 
that are necessary.
  We are working hard on making sure our defense capabilities are 
intact. That will be something that we are highlighting for the next 
coming weeks, ensuring that we have proper funding opportunities ahead 
as those deadlines loom.
  This week, again, two very simple, pragmatic approaches--and these 
should be wildly bipartisan--to be able to create transparency into our 
regulatory process and make sure that we are teaching truth to our 
children of the history of what made our country so great and the 
enterprise that has been able to drive that upward mobility in our 
economy.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6357-H6360]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                HONORING REPRESENTATIVE KELLY ARMSTRONG

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker's announced policy of 
January 9, 2023, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Dakota 
(Mr. Johnson) for 30 minutes.


                             General Leave

  Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent 
that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and 
extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this Special 
Order hour.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from South Dakota?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, we are going to have some 
comments from some friends of Mr. Kelly Armstrong who is leaving us to 
serve as the Governor of North Dakota. I suppose I will kick it off.
  Harry Truman famously said: ``You want a friend in Washington? Get a 
dog.'' I am a big fan of Mr. Truman, so I assume that he was telling 
the truth. When I first got to Washington, I assumed that it would be 
easier for me to find a pit of vipers in Washington than a true friend.
  I will be clear: There are plenty of vipers in Washington, but I 
discovered that there was also Kelly Armstrong.

                              {time}  1900

  I did not want to like Kelly Armstrong. It just seemed a little too 
cute to have the Dakota boys run together, yet somehow, we just 
clicked. From the very beginning, we have been fast friends.
  We were almost inseparable at the start, so much so that people would 
confuse us. They would think that he was me or that I was him, despite 
the fact that we don't look anything alike. I am suave and sexy, and 
Mr. Armstrong is something else, perhaps.
  Anyway, there was indeed confusion about who we were. I remember one 
day at the back of this Chamber where a distracted and confused Mr. 
Armstrong came in and put in his card. This was our first week in the 
House, Mr. Speaker. He hit red, a ``no'' vote, on a Republican motion 
to recommit. The senior Greg Walden came up and said: Young man, I 
don't know who you are, but you are accidentally the only Republican in 
the House who is voting with Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats to kill 
this Republican motion. If that is how you are going to do business 
here, you are going to ruin your reputation.
  A somewhat chastened Mr. Armstrong changed his vote and said: Mr. 
Walden, thank you so much for telling me how it is. I certainly hope I 
have not ruined my reputation. Let me introduce myself. I am Dusty 
Johnson from South Dakota.
  That was my first but certainly not my last exposure to the idea that 
Kelly Armstrong is laugh-out-loud funny almost all the time.
  So many other relationships we have here are work relationships, and 
work relationships have a tendency to be one-dimensional--that is the 
gal you grab coffee with, or that is the guy you talk sports with. It 
is sometimes special when you get a relationship that isn't just a work 
relationship.
  As Kelly prepares to depart for the greener pastures of the 
Governor's mansion, I want to talk a little bit about what he has meant 
to me, not just as a D.C. friend or a work friend but as a real friend.
  There are four things.
  First, Kelly has been my coach. He has made me a better Member 
because of his counsel more than anybody else here. He has understood 
my weaknesses, and he has tried to coach me out of them. He has done it 
almost every week. He said: Dusty, you don't have to participate in 
every fight that you are invited to.
  Similarly, he said: Dusty, that is fine, but remember, in a knife 
fight, everybody gets cut, even you.
  He has made me a better person, which is what friends do.
  Secondly, he has also been my policy adviser. He is a great policy 
mind. When we have had complex legal issues, from sentencing reform to 
understanding what these contempt of Congress votes really mean, he 
spent a lot of time, Mr. Speaker, in walking me through them. He didn't 
benefit from that. He did that because he knew that I cared about the 
votes and that I wanted to be ready to cast the right vote.
  Number three, Kelly has been more supportive of me than I could ever 
ask for. Literally every single thing that I have done in this town has 
been done because he has been behind me. He has pushed me. He has 
encouraged me. Do you know how unusual it is in this town to have 
people who aren't jealous of your success, to have people who want to 
see you do things rather than have them do things?
  Even a few days ago, as Governor-elect Armstrong could have been 
forgiven for focusing on his State and his future, he called me to say: 
Dusty, what can I do to help?
  In the last 6 years, there has been no one on the planet who has 
asked me that question more often than Kelly has: Dusty, what can I do 
to help?
  Number four, Mr. Speaker, Kelly has been one of the very best 
operators in Congress, and I have learned from that. He knows how to 
get things done. He sees around corners. He is a grade-A expert at what 
he calls the wet work of Congress so that his friends don't have to be.
  This House has functioned better because of Kelly Armstrong.
  Mr. Armstrong, as you leave, we will still cut deals in your absence, 
but they will not be as good, and cutting them will not be as much fun.
  The common thread running through all four of these thoughts, Mr. 
Speaker, is selflessness. In a political universe that is dominated, 
and I mean dominated, by self-centered egomaniacs, it is shocking how 
much Kelly Armstrong cares about me, how much he cares about us.
  Some of our colleagues have the impression that I am the nice one and 
that he is the mean one, and I don't

[[Page H6358]]

know how they have gotten it so wrong. I often say that being in 
Congress is a very easy job if you don't care. It is a very hard job if 
you do care.
  Kelly Armstrong has more heart for this job and for his friends than 
anyone--anyone--in this town, and that is why it is so hard to say 
good-bye.
  Kelly, we will miss your insight. We will miss how funny you are. We 
will miss your profanity. More than anything, we will miss your heart.
  Harry Truman never had a true friend in Washington, but that is 
because he didn't have Kelly Armstrong.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Jordan).
  Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from South Dakota (Mr. 
Johnson) for putting this together. It is always appropriate to take 
time to honor excellence and honor real achievement, and that is Kelly 
Armstrong's tenure here in the United States House of Representatives.
  There is the old line that there are folks in politics who you wish 
weren't. Sometimes, I say that those are Democrats. That gets a laugh, 
typically from Republicans. Then, there are people like Kelly who you 
are glad chose public service because he has all those qualities that 
Dusty just talked about, those qualities that make him not just a good 
legislator, not just a good Congressman, but a good person and a good 
friend.
  There is also the old line that it never hurts to have smart people 
in charge. Kelly Armstrong is one sharp guy. He understands politics 
and policy, and from my perspective, he really understands the law and 
how our legal system is supposed to work and the rights that we are 
supposed to protect, those fundamental liberties that the people we get 
the privilege of serving want us to protect.

  When you couple smarts and intelligence with hard work, there was not 
one single hearing I was ever a part of--and I got to serve with Kelly 
on two different committees--where he was not prepared for the witness, 
prepared for the cross-examination, prepared for the direct 
examination, prepared for the markup. He was always willing to do the 
work so that he could represent the folks back home like you are 
supposed to.
  We all know that this job is a privilege. It is an honor to have this 
job. In the history of this country, the greatest country ever, only 
about 12,000 people have ever had the privilege to serve.
  Kelly Armstrong also understood that, that he was here fighting for 
the folks back in North Dakota--the families, the small business 
owners, the teachers, the truckers, the people working in the fields, 
the oil fields, the farm fields, the wheat fields. He was representing 
the folks back home, and that is why you see so many Members here 
tonight willing to say thank you for doing that.
  That is why the folks back home elected him Governor with like 98 
percent of the vote or whatever it was. They know the kind of 
individual that he is. Those same qualities that Dusty Johnson talked 
about--and that was so well done--he is going to use those same 
qualities and those same characteristics that he has to continue to 
fight for the people in his great State.
  It has been truly an honor for me and everyone else who is going to 
talk not only to have the privilege to serve in the Congress but to 
have the privilege to serve in the Congress that only 12,000 people in 
the history of this country have ever had and the privilege to serve 
with Kelly Armstrong, with our friend.
  Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Wisconsin (Mr. Steil).
  Mr. STEIL. Mr. Speaker, every Member here loves the United States of 
America. There are three loves that Kelly Armstrong has that sets the 
man apart.
  The first is his love for his family, for his wife, Kjersti, and his 
children. In this job, as we all know, there is a lot of travel and a 
lot of time away, but Kelly Armstrong would always take the flights 
home to North Dakota to make sure that he was there for his kids and 
his wife. As he leaves us in this capacity of public service and 
becomes the Governor of North Dakota, he is a little bit closer to the 
family that he loves.
  Kelly Armstrong loves hunting. One time, he showed up with a black 
eye where the scope caught him. We also had a conversation one time, 
and it was with the chicken circuits and the amount of time we spend 
traveling, how do you stay in shape? Kelly Armstrong said: Bryan, if I 
ever feel like I am out of shape, I go bighorn sheep hunting. I climb a 
mountain, and I will come back and be 20 pounds smaller.
  Kelly, while you are Governor, if you ever come back and you are a 
little bigger, we know you are not spending enough time hunting. We do 
know that when you become Governor of North Dakota, you will be a 
little closer to good hunting land.
  Kelly also loves North Dakota. I had the pleasure of going to visit 
him in his home State. As we drove across, he pointed out absolutely 
everything in the State of North Dakota as if he knew every blade of 
grass, every crop that was being grown, every potential animal that you 
could hunt on some other farmer's field--and he may have done that--but 
that man loves the State of North Dakota.
  Although it is a loss for this institution, the United States House 
of Representatives, that he will be leaving us for his wisdom and his 
counsel and the passion that he puts forward to the job, Kelly 
Armstrong will be a little bit closer to the State of North Dakota.
  Kelly, we thank you for your friendship and your commitment to this 
country.
  Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman 
from Florida (Ms. Lee).
  Ms. LEE of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to our 
colleague, the gentleman from North Dakota, Kelly Armstrong, and to 
recognize his significant contributions as a Member of Congress.
  Kelly has been a distinguished leader during his time here. He 
brought to these Halls experience both in business and in the law. His 
insight and dedication elevated every committee where he served.
  Most particularly, it has been my privilege to work with Kelly on the 
Judiciary Committee and on criminal justice policy. As a former 
criminal defense attorney, Kelly brings insight and courage to 
difficult issues related to our justice system and to criminal justice 
policies. His unwavering commitment to the U.S. Constitution and to 
ensuring that every American receives its protections and its rights is 
an insight and a guidance for us all. His voice and his leadership will 
be dearly missed.
  I will miss him most as my friend. Those of us who are blessed to 
call him a friend see the same dedication, intellect, and wit that 
Kelly shows as a Member of Congress in his personal friendships.
  As a new Member, Kelly was a mentor to me, and to this day, he 
continues to devote his time to making all of us and this institution 
better.
  Most of all, Kelly loves his family and his community, and it is no 
surprise that the people of the great State of North Dakota wanted 
Kelly to serve as their Governor. I offer my heartfelt congratulations 
to Kelly and to those that he will represent.
  I am grateful for his service here in Congress. He leaves behind a 
proud legacy of achievement and service, and he will be dearly missed.
  Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the 
time remaining.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has 15 minutes remaining.
  Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Iowa (Mr. Feenstra).

                              {time}  1915

  Mr. FEENSTRA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my friend, 
Kelly Armstrong, on his retirement from Congress and thank him for all 
his years of service to his constituents and to our country and for his 
being my mentor.
  While we aren't neighbors, Iowa and North Dakota share many 
similarities. Agriculture and energy production are the backbone of our 
economies, and our constituents are humble and hardworking.
  I have enjoyed working with Kelly over the years as we stood up for 
agriculture, supported domestic energy production, and advanced 
American values. Now Kelly is beginning a new

[[Page H6359]]

chapter in his life as he begins being Governor of North Dakota.
  North Dakota families and farmers are fortunate to have a leader who 
is principled, dedicated, and passionate. While we will miss seeing him 
around the Capitol, I wish Kelly and his family the very best in the 
future. North Dakota is in great hands with my friend, Kelly Armstrong.
  Kelly will truly be missed, and I congratulate my friend on becoming 
Governor.
  Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman 
from Indiana (Mrs. Houchin).
  Mrs. HOUCHIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my colleague and 
dear friend, Kelly Armstrong, for his dedication not only to the people 
of North Dakota but to the United States of America.
  A true friend, reliable, prepared, selfless, wise, a mentor, witty, 
principled, and a distinguished leader, these are all the words that we 
have already heard this evening to describe Kelly Armstrong, and as a 
new Member of Congress this is something that I have witnessed. These 
are qualities that I have witnessed firsthand.
  One that hasn't been mentioned, though, is sarcastic, of which Kelly 
Armstrong certainly is, and it is one of the qualities that I love most 
about him.
  While serving in Congress, Kelly Armstrong has been a strong voice 
for rural America, always advocating for the values that make this 
Nation great: freedom, opportunity, and justice.
  His commitment to conservative principles has been admirable and 
reflects the kind of lawmaker he is and his dedicated service.
  His leadership on critical issues from energy independence to 
protecting our Second Amendment rights have been key in shaping 
policies that empower families, farmers, and businesses.
  Beyond his policy achievements, Kelly has been a trusted partner and 
principled legislator who is truly a public servant. He understands 
that leadership is about listening, about collaborating, and about 
standing firm when it matters most.
  Kelly Armstrong's work in Congress has made a lasting difference. It 
has been an honor to serve alongside him. I am grateful for his 
service, and I am looking forward to seeing all he will accomplish in 
his new role as the Governor of North Dakota.
  It is bittersweet, as our conference will miss him, but let us wish 
him and his family nothing but success.
  I am honored to be Kelly Armstrong's friend.
  Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Virginia (Mr. Cline).
  Mr. CLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.
  It is an honor to be here tonight to pay tribute to a great American 
and a great Member of this body, Kelly Armstrong.
  As we turn the page on a new Congress, a number of new freshmen are 
going to be coming in bewildered and looking for guidance on what 
committees to get on or what leadership roles to take.
  When we got here in 2019, Dusty Johnson was in the class, but Kelly 
Armstrong was also in the class and looked to the Judiciary Committee 
where he was a natural leader. It was an honor to get to sit next to 
him during that freshman term on the Judiciary Committee alongside 
several others. To this day, at the end of our third term, he is the 
only one left from our class on the Judiciary Committee. I think that 
is because there was a bit of a trial by fire that we went through 
there at the beginning.
  When we came in in 2019, we came in midway through the first Trump 
administration. After I had been in the majority for 16 years in the 
State House, it was kind of a shock to my system to have to come into 
the minority and be faced with a politically motivated impeachment. The 
Judiciary Committee was ground zero for that impeachment.
  Looking to Kelly Armstrong for leadership and making sure that the 
Republicans on the Committee stood up for the rule of law and made sure 
that this politically motivated impeachment was called out for what it 
was.
  In this body there are workhorses and there are show horses. Kelly 
Armstrong is a workhorse.
  It is Christmastime, and the other day the White House Christmas 
party invitation came across my desk. I remembered where I was when the 
White House Christmas party in 2019 happened. We were sitting in the 
Judiciary Committee, and we started getting pictures because our 
spouses could go but we couldn't go. We were there late in the 
Judiciary Committee into the evening, and we started getting pictures 
of our spouses, who were enjoying the Christmas party without us, 
alongside Melania and the President.
  However, Kelly Armstrong always put the people of North Dakota first, 
he always put his country first, and he will continue to serve the 
people of North Dakota as the next Governor. He will do a fantastic 
job. We will miss him, and it has been an honor to serve with him.
  Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. I always try to leave a little something 
special in the tank to close, Mr. Speaker.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the exceptional gentlewoman from Oklahoma 
(Mrs. Bice).
  Mrs. BICE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bid farewell to a dear friend 
and a colleague who has been with me from the very beginning.
  In the spring or summer of 2020, I received a call from a number I 
did not recognize, from an area code I had never seen. I answered the 
phone, and on the other end was a gentleman by the name of Kelly 
Armstrong.

  He told me he had been watching my race, that he was very impressed, 
that he heard about me because of connections through the oil and gas 
industry, and that he wanted to support me.
  Why, I didn't know, and to this day I still wonder. That began an 
incredible friendship. For the last 4\1/2\ or 5 years, he has been an 
incredible mentor, a wonderful friend, and the best strategist in 
Congress.
  He makes us laugh, and that is something that money can't buy.
  It was mentioned earlier that this is a lonely place. It is one of 
those institutions that you really don't understand it unless you are 
here. It is hard. There are hard days, and you need those people that 
you can look at, smile at, and recognize that they get it. They 
understand what you are going through.
  Then they can pop off some sarcastic comment and make you smile.
  That is why we love Kelly. Kelly has given me hope when I didn't 
think there was much there. He has sat across the table from an amazing 
group of people and negotiated deals that no one thought could get 
done, and he has provided a path for many of us. His guidance and his 
wisdom will be incredibly missed in this institution.
  Here is what I know: I know that come a few days from now, that 
Kjersti, Anna, and Eli will get to see your face a lot more. Although 
we may not be, I am so happy for them because I know that is what he 
and they would want. As has been said many times over: the people of 
North Dakota have won, but so has this institution and those of us here 
tonight.
  Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from North Dakota (Mr. Armstrong).
  Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, I spent 10 years of my life in 
courtrooms, and there is one thing I learned pretty quick when you are 
doing a closing argument: everything before you has been said and has 
been said better than you could ever say. First of all, if I said any 
of those things it would really sound arrogant.
  I love every single thing about this place, everything, all the bad 
stuff, all the good stuff, and everything about the wild and crazy 
can't get home on a Friday because of votes held open for 3\1/2\ hours.
  I am going to miss every single thing, but what I am going to miss 
the most are the people whom I have gotten to know.
  I always say I hang out with Ben Cline and Dusty Johnson because they 
never swear, so I get their quota of swearwords. Bryan, Stephanie, 
Laurel, and Erin, you can't do this job without having good counsel, 
good company, and good friends.
  I am really, really excited about the next chapter. I am so humbled 
and proud that the citizens of North Dakota have sent me to Congress 
three different times, and I am very, very humbled and proud that they 
elected

[[Page H6360]]

me Governor. I just want everybody in here to know that this has been 
the greatest privilege of my life to be the lone voice of North Dakota 
in the United States House of Representatives.
  Contrary to popular belief, I am still going to give you all 
sarcastic comments, and when you have a vote held open for 3\1/2\ hours 
and you can't make your flight home, you are going to get really funny 
memes from me, and I am going to miss you all very, very much.
  This meant the absolute world to me.
  Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of 
my time.

                          ____________________








[Page H6360]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              ADJOURNMENT

  Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do 
now adjourn.
  The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o'clock and 24 minutes 
p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, 
Thursday, December 5, 2024, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6360-H6361]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC.

   Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from 
the Speaker's table and referred as follows:

       EC-6270. A letter from the Secretary, Department of 
     Agriculture, transmitting the annual report to Congress on 
     the Department's efforts to reduce barriers to food access, 
     pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 6925(b)(6); Public Law 115-334, Sec. 
     12614(a); (132 Stat. 5014); to the Committee on Agriculture.
       EC-6271. A letter from the President and Chair, Board of 
     Directors, Export-Import Bank of the United States, 
     transmitting a statement with respect to a transaction 
     involving exports to Guyana, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 635(b)(3); 
     July 31, 1945, ch. 341, Sec. 2 (as added by Public Law 102-
     266, Sec. 102); (106 Stat. 95); to the Committee on Financial 
     Services.
       EC-6272. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for 
     Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, 
     transmitting the Department's Fiscal Year 2023 Report to 
     Congress on Community Services Block Grant Discretionary 
     Activities -- Community Economic Development and Rural 
     Community Development Programs; to the Committee on Education 
     and the Workforce.
       EC-6273. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for 
     Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, 
     transmitting the Fiscal Year 2024 Annual Progress Report to 
     Congress on the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program 
     and National Cord Blood Inventory Program, pursuant to 42 
     U.S.C. 274k(a)(6); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 379 
     (as amended by Public Law 109-129, Sec. 3(a)); (119 Stat. 
     2554); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
       EC-6274. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for 
     Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, 
     transmitting the Report to Congress on Community Crisis 
     Response Partnerships, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 290bb-37(d)(1); 
     July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title V, Sec. 520F (as amended by 
     Public Law 117-328, div. FF, title I, Sec. 1122(a)); (136 
     Stat. 5651); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
       EC-6275. A letter from the Associate Administrator, 
     Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the report 
     titled, ``Opportunities for Innovative Uses of Plastic Waste 
     Report to Congress'', pursuant to Public Law 116-224, Sec. 
     131; (134 Stat. 1084); to the Committee on Energy and 
     Commerce.
       EC-6276. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the 
     Treasury, transmitting a six-month periodic report on the 
     national emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq 
     that was declared in Executive Order 13303 of May, 22, 2003, 
     pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 
     401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-
     223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign 
     Affairs.
       EC-6277. A letter from the Assistant to the President, 
     Director, Office of Administration, Director, White House 
     Office of Management and Administration, Executive Office of 
     the President, transmitting the accounting of transactions 
     from the Unanticipated Needs Account for fiscal year 2024, 
     pursuant to 3 U.S.C. 108(b); Public Law 95-570, Sec. 2(a); 
     (92 Stat. 2449); to the Committee on Oversight and 
     Accountability.
       EC-6278. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of 
     Personnel Management, President's Pay Agent, transmitting a 
     detailed report justifying the reasons for the extension of 
     locality-based comparability payments to non-General Schedule 
     categories of positions that are in more than one executive 
     agency, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 5304(h)(2)(C); Public Law 89-
     554, Sec. 5304(h) (as added by Public Law 102-378, Sec. 
     2(26)(E)(ii)); (106 Stat. 1349); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6279. A letter from the Acting Director, Pension Benefit 
     Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation's FY 2024 
     Annual Report, including: Annual Performance Report, 
     Financial Statements and Notes, Report of Independent 
     Auditor, and other documentation in conformance with OMB 
     Circulars A-11 and A-136, pursuant to 29 U.S.C. 1308(a); 
     Public Law 93-406, Sec. 4008 (as amended by Public Law 109-
     280, Sec. 412); (120 Stat. 936) and 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); 
     Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 
     107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6280. A letter from the Secretary, Department of 
     Agriculture, transmitting the Department's Office of 
     Inspector General's Semiannual Report to Congress covering 
     the 6-month period, which ended on September 30, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6281. A letter from the Secretary, Department of 
     Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department's semiannual 
     report of the Office of Inspector General for April 1, 2024, 
     through September 30, 2024; to the Committee on Oversight and 
     Accountability.
       EC-6282. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the 
     Treasury, transmitting the Department's FY 2024 Agency 
     Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public 
     Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-
     289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6283. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, 
     Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of the Treasury, 
     transmitting the semiannual reports to Congress from the 
     Treasury Inspector General and the Treasury Inspector General 
     for Tax Administration covering the reporting period of April 
     1, 2024 through September 30, 2024; to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6284. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief 
     Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting 
     the Administration's FY 2024 Performance and Accountability 
     Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, 
     Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); 
     (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and 
     Accountability.
       EC-6285. A letter from the Director, Congressional, 
     Legislative and Intergovernmental Affairs, Federal Election 
     Commission, transmitting the Commission's FY 2024 Agency 
     Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public 
     Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-
     289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6286. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Energy 
     Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission's FY 2024 
     Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); 
     Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 
     107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6287. A letter from the Chairman and General Counsel, 
     National Labor Relation Board, transmitting the Board's 
     Inspector General Semiannual Report to Congress for the 
     period April 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6288. A letter from the Chair, National Transportation 
     Safety Board, transmitting the Board's FY 2024 Agency 
     Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public 
     Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-
     289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6289. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of 
     Government Ethics, transmitting the Office's FY 2024 Agency 
     Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public 
     Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-
     289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6290. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of 
     Personnel Management, transmitting the Office's FY 2024 
     Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); 
     Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 
     107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6291. A letter from the Chairman, Railroad Retirement 
     Board, transmitting the Board's Semiannual Inspector General 
     Report for the period April 1, 2024 through September 30, 
     2024; to the Committee on Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6292. A letter from the Commissioner, Social Security 
     Administration, transmitting the Administration's FY 2024 
     Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); 
     Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 
     107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6293. A letter from the Chairman, Surface Transportation 
     Board, transmitting the Board's FY 2024 Performance and 
     Accountability Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); 
     Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 
     107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6294. A letter from the Chairman, U.S. Occupational 
     Safety and Health Review Commission, transmitting the 
     Commission's FY 2024 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 
     U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as 
     amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); 
     to the Committee on Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6295. A letter from the Chair, United States 
     International Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission's 
     FY 2024 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 
     3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by 
     Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the 
     Committee on Oversight and Accountability.

[[Page H6361]]

  

       EC-6296. A letter from the Director, Administrative Office 
     of the United States Courts, transmitting the fiscal year 
     2023 Delayed-Notice Search Warrant Report, pursuant to 18 
     U.S.C. 3103a(d)(2); Public Law 90-351, Sec. 1401(a) (added by 
     Public Law 109-177, Sec. 114(c)); (120 Stat. 211); to the 
     Committee on the Judiciary.
       EC-6297. A letter from the Assistant Secretary For 
     Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, 
     transmitting a report titled: ``Annual Report to Congress on 
     the Medicare and Medicaid Integrity Programs for Fiscal Year 
     2024'', pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395ddd(i)(2); Aug. 14, 1935, 
     ch. 531, title XVIII, Sec. 1893(i)(2) (as amended by Public 
     Law 111-148, Sec. 6402(j)(1)(B)); (124 Stat. 762) and 42 
     U.S.C. 1396u-6(e)(5); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, Sec. 1936(e)(5) 
     (as added by Public Law 109-171, Sec. 6034(a)(2)); (120 Stat. 
     76); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and 
     Ways and Means.
       EC-6298. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for 
     Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, 
     transmitting a report titled, ``Low Income Home Energy 
     Assistance Program Report to Congress for Fiscal Year 2022''; 
     jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and 
     Education and the Workforce.

                          ____________________








[Page H6361]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                    TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL

  Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by 
the Speaker:

       H.R. 3556. Referral to the Committee on Oversight and 
     Accountability extended for a period ending not later than 
     December 19, 2024.

                          ____________________








[Page H6361]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE

  Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Rules discharged 
from further consideration. H.R. 3556.


 =========================== NOTE =========================== 

  
  On December 4, 2024, page H6361, in the second column, the 
following appeared: DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE Pursuant to clause 2 of 
rule XIII, the Committee on Rules discharged from further 
consideration. H.R. 3556 referred to the Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union.
  
  The online version has been corrected to read: DISCHARGE OF 
COMMITTEE Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on 
Rules discharged from further consideration H.R. 3556.


 ========================= END NOTE ========================= 




                          ____________________








[Page H6361]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




         REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS

  Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to 
the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as 
follows:

       Mr. McHENRY: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 7440. A 
     bill to promote innovation in financial services, and for 
     other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 118-792). Referred 
     to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the 
     Union.
       Mr. McHENRY: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3556. A 
     bill to amend the Federal financial laws to increase 
     financial regulatory accountability and transparency, and for 
     other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 118-793 Pt. 1). 
     Ordered to be printed.
       Mr. WESTERMAN: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 6862. A 
     bill to amend the FAST Act to include certain mineral 
     production activities as a covered project, and for other 
     purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 118-794). Referred to the 
     Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
       Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: Committee on Transportation and 
     Infrastructure. H.R. 8692. A bill to require that the Amtrak 
     Board of Directors comply with the open meetings requirements 
     of section 552b of title 5, United States Code, and for other 
     purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 118-795). Referred to the 
     Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
       Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: Committee on Transportation and 
     Infrastructure. H.R. 2672. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
     Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to 
     provide for the authority to reimburse local governments or 
     electric cooperatives for interest expenses, and for other 
     purposes (Rept. 118-796). Referred to the Committee of the 
     Whole House on the state of the Union.
       Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: Committee on Transportation and 
     Infrastructure. H.R. 5623. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
     Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to 
     authorize the President to provide substance use and alcohol 
     use disorder services, and for other purposes; with an 
     amendment (Rept. 118-797). Referred to the Committee of the 
     Whole House on the state of the Union.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6361-H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS

  Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the 
following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows:

           By Mr. OBERNOLTE (for himself, Ms. Matsui, Mr. Scott 
             Franklin of Florida, and Mr. Lieu):
       H.R. 10281. A bill to promote United States leadership in 
     technical standards by directing the National Institute of 
     Standards and Technology and the Department of State to take 
     certain actions to encourage and enable United States 
     participation in developing standards and specifications for 
     artificial intelligence and other critical and emerging 
     technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
     Science, Space, and Technology.
           By Ms. DelBENE (for herself, Mr. Bucshon, Ms. Schrier, 
             Mrs. Miller of West Virginia, Mr. Nadler, and Ms. 
             Kelly of Illinois):
       H.R. 10282. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act 
     with respect to the Living Organ Donation Reimbursement 
     Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in 
     addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to 
     be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
     consideration of such provisions as fall within the 
     jurisdiction of the committee concerned.
           By Mrs. BEATTY:
       H.R. 10283. A bill to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street 
     Reform and Consumer Protection Act to require regulated 
     entities to provide information necessary for the Offices of 
     Women and Minority Inclusion to carry out their duties, and 
     for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services.
           By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. Crane, and Mr. Mills):
       H.R. 10284. A bill to transfer certain responsibilities of 
     the United States Secret Service to the Federal Bureau of 
     Investigation; to the Committee on the Judiciary.
           By Mr. CONNOLLY:
       H.R. 10285. A bill to amend chapter 63 of title 5, United 
     States Code, to modify the accumulation of annual leave for 
     use in succeeding years for administrative law judges; to the 
     Committee on Oversight and Accountability.
           By Mr. DUNN of Florida:
       H.R. 10286. A bill to establish the Constitutional 
     Government Review Commission, and for other purposes; to the 
     Committee on Oversight and Accountability, and in addition to 
     the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently 
     determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
     such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
     committee concerned.
           By Mr. GOMEZ (for himself, Ms. Barragan, Ms. Brownley, 
             Mr. Carter of Louisiana, Mrs. Cherfilus-McCormick, 
             Ms. Chu, Ms. Clarke of New York, Mr. Cohen, Ms. 
             DeGette, Mrs. Ramirez, Mr. Deluzio, Mrs. Dingell, Mr. 
             Evans, Mr. Goldman of New York, Mr. Grijalva, Mr. 
             Johnson of Georgia, Ms. Kamlager-Dove, Mr. 
             Krishnamoorthi, Ms. Lee of California, Ms. McClellan, 
             Ms. McCollum, Mr. Moulton, Mrs. Torres of California, 
             Ms. Norton, Mr. Peters, Mr. Khanna, Mr. Robert Garcia 
             of California, Mr. Ruppersberger, Ms. Scanlon, Ms. 
             Sewell, Mr. Soto, Ms. Strickland, Ms. Tlaib, Mr. 
             Tonko, Mr. Vargas, Ms. Velazquez, Ms. Wasserman 
             Schultz, and Mrs. Watson Coleman):
       H.R. 10287. A bill to provide women with increased access 
     to preventive and life-saving cancer screening; to the 
     Committee on Energy and Commerce.
           By Mrs. HAYES:
       H.R. 10288. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income 
     Security Act of 1974 to prohibit health care providers and 
     facilities from imposing certain facility fees for 
     telehealth; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce.
           By Mr. KHANNA (for himself, Ms. Jayapal, Mr. Grijalva, 
             Mrs. Watson Coleman, and Ms. Norton):
       H.R. 10289. A bill to amend the Congressional Budget and 
     Impoundment Control Act of 1974 by requiring a distribution 
     analysis of a bill or resolution under certain circumstances, 
     and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget, and 
     in addition to the Committees on Rules, and Ways and Means, 
     for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
     each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within 
     the jurisdiction of the committee concerned.
           By Ms. MACE:
       H.R. 10290. A bill to prohibit an entity from receiving 
     Federal funds if such entity permits an individual to access 
     or use a single-sex facility on the property of such entity 
     that does not correspond to the biological sex of such 
     person, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight 
     and Accountability.
           By Mr. MAGAZINER (for himself, Ms. Norton, Mr. Jackson 
             of Illinois, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Mr. Soto, and 
             Mrs. Cherfilus-McCormick):
       H.R. 10291. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social 
     Security Act to provide coverage for certain fall prevention 
     items under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy 
     and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and 
     Means, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently 
     determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
     such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
     committee concerned.
           By Ms. MATSUI (for herself, Ms. Malliotakis, Mr. 
             Huffman, and Mr. Buchanan):
       H.R. 10292. A bill to require the Secretary of Commerce to 
     produce distribution maps for certain species of whales, and 
     for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources.
           By Mr. McHENRY (for himself and Ms. Waters):
       H.R. 10293. A bill to extend certain authorities under the 
     Defense Production Act of 1950; to the Committee on Financial 
     Services.
           By Mr. MEEKS (for himself and Ms. Velazquez):
       H.R. 10294. A bill to establish a pilot program for the 
     Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to evaluate the 
     effectiveness of insuring mortgages made to finance 
     improvements to convert basement spaces into

[[Page H6362]]

     safely habitable dwelling units, and for other purposes; to 
     the Committee on Financial Services.
           By Ms. PRESSLEY:
       H.R. 10295. A bill to require Federal law enforcement and 
     prison officials to obtain or provide immediate medical 
     attention to individuals in custody who display medical 
     distress; to the Committee on the Judiciary.
           By Mrs. RODGERS of Washington:
       H.R. 10296. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
     1986 to make expiring ABLE provisions permanent, improve 
     accessibility and education for families, and for other 
     purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition 
     to the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, for a period to be 
     subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
     consideration of such provisions as fall within the 
     jurisdiction of the committee concerned.
           By Ms. STEVENS (for herself, Ms. Underwood, Mrs. 
             Cherfilus-McCormick, Mrs. Dingell, Ms. Norton, and 
             Mr. Carson):
       H.R. 10297. A bill to advance research, promote awareness 
     and education, and improve health care, with respect to 
     thyroid disease, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
     Energy and Commerce.
           By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. Davis 
             of North Carolina, Mr. Smith of Washington, and Mr. 
             Bacon):
       H.R. 10298. A bill making appropriations for the salaries 
     and expenses of certain U.S. Bureau of Prison employees 
     working during a Federal Government shutdown, and for other 
     purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations.
           By Mr. CROW (for himself, Mr. Rogers of Alabama, Mr. 
             Bacon, Mr. Carbajal, Mr. Lamborn, Mr. Lieu, Mr. 
             Strong, Mr. Wilson of South Carolina, and Mr. 
             Wittman):
       H. Res. 1606. A resolution honoring the 5th anniversary of 
     the United States Space Force; to the Committee on Armed 
     Services.
           By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Mrs. Watson Coleman, and 
             Mrs. McIver):
       H. Res. 1607. A resolution recognizing the significant 
     global impact and legacy of Peter Westbrook in the sport of 
     fencing in the United States and the work that he has done to 
     improve the lives of underserved and vulnerable youth; to the 
     Committee on Oversight and Accountability.

                          ____________________








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. STEVENS:
       H.R. 10297.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to 
     Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
     States Constitution.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Thyroid Disease








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mrs. RODGERS of Washington:
       H.R. 10296.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1 Section 8
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make expiring 
     ABLE provisions permanent, improve accessibility and 
     education for families and for other purposes.








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. PRESSLEY:
       H.R. 10295.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Art 1 Sec 8 Claus 18
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       The bill requires law enforcement to provide medical 
     attention to people in custody experiencing medical distress.








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. MEEKS:
       H.R. 10294.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To establish a pilot program for the Secretary of Housing 
     and Urban Development to evaluate the effectiveness of 
     insuring mortgages made to finance improvements to convert 
     basement spaces into safely habitable dwelling units, and for 
     other purposes.








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. McHENRY:
       H.R. 10293.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1, Section 8
       The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, 
     Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for 
     the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; 
     but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform 
     throughout the United States
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       The bill extends the authorities of the Defense Production 
     Act for an additional year through September 30, 2026.








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. MATSUI:
       H.R. 10292.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Reduce collisions between whales and ships.








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. MAGAZINER:
       H.R. 10291.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1, Section 8
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to 
     provide coverage for certain fall prevention items under the 
     Medicare program.








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. MACE:
       H.R. 10290.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To prohibit an entity from receiving Federal funds if such 
     entity permits an individual to access or use a single-sex 
     facility on the property of such entity that does not 
     correspond to the biological sex of such person








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. KHANNA:
       H.R. 10289.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1, Section 8
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Judiciary








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mrs. HAYES:
       H.R. 10288.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, ``To make all Laws which 
     shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the 
     foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this 
     Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in 
     any Department or Officer thereof.''
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
     1974 to prohibit health care providers and facilities from 
     imposing certain facility fees for telehealth.








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. GOMEZ:
       H.R. 10287.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Healthcare








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. DUNN of Florida:
       H.R. 10286.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       to create a government review commission to assess the 
     constitutionality of federal agencies.








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. CONNOLLY:
       H.R. 10285.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       To amend Chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, to 
     modify the accumulation of annual leave for use in succeeding 
     years for administrative law judges.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       This bill aims to modify the limits on accumulation of 
     annual leave for administratve law judges by adding an 
     administrative law judge position under section 3105.








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. BIGGS:
       H.R. 10284.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1, Section 8
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       The single subject of this bill is to transfer certain 
     responsibilities of the United States Secret Service to the 
     Federal Bureau of Investigations.








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mrs. BEATTY:
       H.R. 10283.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States 
     Constitution
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Financial Services








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. DelBENE:
       H.R. 10282.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article 1 Section 8
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Health








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. OBERNOLTE:
       H.R. 10281.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Technology standards development and assistance








[Page H6362]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




         CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY AND SINGLE SUBJECT STATEMENTS

  Pursuant to clause 7(c)(1) of rule XII and Section 3(c) of H. Res. 5 
the following statements are submitted regarding (1) the specific 
powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the 
accompanying bill or joint resolution and (2) the single subject of the 
bill or joint resolution.








[Pages H6362-H6363]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania:
       H.R. 10298.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution in 
     that the legislation exercises legislative powers granted to 
     Congress by that clause ``to make all Laws which shall be 
     necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the 
     foregoing Powers and all other Powers vested by the 
     Constitution in the Government of the United States or any 
     Department or Office thereof.''
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To make appropriations for the salaries and expenses of 
     certain U.S. Bureau of Prison employees working during a 
     Federal Government shutdown.

[[Page H6363]]

  

                          ____________________








[Page H6363]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





          ADDITIONAL SPONSORS TO PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS

  Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and 
resolutions, as follows:

       H.R. 595: Ms. Balint, Mr. Garamendi, Mr. Carbajal, Ms. 
     Jayapal, Mr.Vargas, Mr. Amo, Mrs. Sykes, and Ms. Wasserman 
     Schultz.
       H.R. 791: Mr. Evans.
       H.R. 800: Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 827: Mr. Carson.
       H.R. 913: Mr. Suozzi.
       H.R. 1065: Ms. Pettersen and Mr. Carbajal.
       H.R. 1235: Mr. Goldman of New York, Mr. Vargas, Ms. Omar, 
     Mr. Auchincloss, Mr. Menendez, Mrs. Sykes, Mrs. Cherfilus-
     McCormick, Mr. Lieu, and Ms. Wasserman Schultz.
       H.R. 1492: Mr. Mills.
       H.R. 1507: Ms. Dean of Pennsylvania.
       H.R. 1511: Mr. Bera.
       H.R. 2407: Mrs. McIver.
       H.R. 2753: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 2892: Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 3074: Ms. Bonamici and Ms. Omar.
       H.R. 3086: Ms. Van Duyne.
       H.R. 3186: Mr. Davis of North Carolina.
       H.R. 3481: Mr. Clyburn.
       H.R. 3504: Mr. Mrvan.
       H.R. 3610: Ms. Pressley.
       H.R. 3633: Ms. Lofgren.
       H.R. 3654: Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 3777: Mr. Buchanan.
       H.R. 3882: Mr. McGarvey.
       H.R. 4006: Mr. Ezell and Mr. Rulli.
       H.R. 4079: Mr. Schneider.
       H.R. 4137: Mr. Aderholt.
       H.R. 4263: Mr. Doggett.
       H.R. 4336: Mr. Sorensen.
       H.R. 4422: Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Scott of Virginia.
       H.R. 5499: Ms. Maloy.
       H.R. 5589: Mr. Sorensen, Mr. Evans, and Mr. LaMalfa.
       H.R. 5934: Mr. Soto.
       H.R. 6153: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 6330: Mr. Golden of Maine.
       H.R. 6359: Mr. Nehls.
       H.R. 7012: Ms. Budzinski.
       H.R. 7127: Mr. Vargas, Mr. Amo, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Soto, Mrs. 
     Sykes, Mrs. Cherfilus-McCormick, and Mr. Smith of Washington.
       H.R. 7142: Mrs. Kiggans of Virginia and Ms. Kuster.
       H.R. 7174: Ms. Tenney.
       H.R. 7195: Ms. De La Cruz.
       H.R. 7212: Mrs. Watson Coleman and Ms. Bonamici.
       H.R. 7429: Mr. Carson.
       H.R. 7585: Ms. McClellan and Mr. Cohen.
       H.R. 7623: Mr. Thanedar.
       H.R. 7634: Mr. Landsman.
       H.R. 7731: Mr. Sorensen.
       H.R. 7825: Mr. Kim of New Jersey.
       H.R. 8147: Mr. DesJarlais, Mrs. Kiggans of Virginia, Mr. 
     Bentz, Mr. LaHood, Mr. Crane, and Mr. Pfluger.
       H.R. 8331: Mrs. Dingell, Mr. Balderson, Ms. Barragan, Mrs. 
     Hinson, and Mr. James.
       H.R. 8545: Mr. Bacon.
       H.R. 8617: Mr. Schneider and Mr. Carey.
       H.R. 8702: Mr. Kean of New Jersey.
       H.R. 8756: Mr. Nunn of Iowa.
       H.R. 8796: Ms. Lofgren.
       H.R. 8836: Mr. Bentz.
       H.R. 8843: Mr. Evans.
       H.R. 8974: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 8977: Mr. Finstad.
       H.R. 9060: Mr. Golden of Maine and Mr. Feenstra.
       H.R. 9096: Mr. James.
       H.R. 9113: Mr. Raskin, Mr. Swalwell, Mr. Levin, Mr. 
     DeSaulnier, and Ms. Davids of Kansas.
       H.R. 9168: Mr. Levin.
       H.R. 9197: Mr. Foster.
       H.R. 9218: Mr. Roy.
       H.R. 9233: Mr. Sherman.
       H.R. 9238: Ms. Pingree.
       H.R. 9263: Mr. LaMalfa.
       H.R. 9274: Mr. Bergman and Mr. Keating.
       H.R. 9298: Mr. Moylan and Mr. Ellzey.
       H.R. 9335: Mrs. Kiggans of Virginia.
       H.R. 9515: Mr. Stanton.
       H.R. 9602: Ms. Salinas.
       H.R. 9625: Mr. Gottheimer and Mrs. Lesko.
       H.R. 9647: Mrs. Watson Coleman and Ms. Plaskett.
       H.R. 9745: Mr. Van Orden.
       H.R. 9794: Ms. Chu and Ms. Wasserman Schultz.
       H.R. 9912: Ms. Barragan, Ms. Pingree, Ms. Matsui, Mr. 
     Mullin, and Mr. Kilmer.
       H.R. 9950: Ms. De La Cruz and Mr. Rutherford.
       H.R. 10044: Ms. McClellan and Ms. Plaskett.
       H.R. 10045: Mr. Gottheimer, Mrs. Kiggans of Virginia, Ms. 
     Garcia of Texas, and Mr. Moolenaar.
       H.R. 10084: Mrs. Lee Carter.
       H.R. 10109: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 10124: Ms. Sewell.
       H.R. 10174: Mr. Vargas.
       H.R. 10181: Ms. Salinas.
       H.R. 10186: Mrs. Harshbarger.
       H.R. 10210: Mr. Hoyer and Ms. Norton.
       H.R. 10215: Mr. Moulton, Ms. Chu, Ms. Jayapal, and Mr. 
     Foster.
       H.R. 10219: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 10230: Mr. Thompson of Mississippi.
       H.R. 10239: Ms. McClellan.
       H.R. 10254: Ms. Kelly of Illinois and Ms. Schakowsky.
       H.R. 10257: Mr. Walberg.
       H.R. 10260: Ms. DelBene and Mr. Kilmer.
       H.R. 10265: Ms. Tenney.
       H.J. Res. 72: Mr. Bera.
       H. Res. 280: Ms. DelBene.
       H. Res. 1331: Mr. Bowman.
       H. Res. 1464: Mr. Garcia of Illinois.
       H. Res. 1494: Mr. Garcia of Illinois and Ms. Lofgren.
       H. Res. 1551: Mr. Nickel, Mr. Carbajal, and Mr. Bost.
       H. Res. 1562: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H. Res. 1601: Mr. Thanedar.








[Page S6791]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                     Tribute to Benjamin L. Cardin

  Senator Ben Cardin. He has served for 58 years in State and Federal 
office. Through it all, Ben Cardin has been a pillar of decency, 
modesty, civility, and good-faith bipartisanship.
  As a longtime member and now chair of the Senate Foreign Relations 
Committee, Ben Cardin has worked to place America's most fundamental 
values, including human rights, at the center of our foreign policy.
  In 2009, I traveled with Ben Cardin to Bosnia, Lithuania, and 
Belarus. Together, we saw the tremendous esteem in which he is held 
globally. He is a true statesman.
  In 2012, working with Senator John McCain, Ben Cardin authored 
perhaps his most important achievement--the Magnitsky Rule of Law 
Accountability Act. In 2016, Congress expanded the reach of that 
accountability by passing the Global Magnitsky Human Rights 
Accountability Act. Following America's lead, more than two dozen other 
nations have since passed their own Magnitsky sanctions laws.
  Recently, the Netherlands honored Senator Ben Cardin for his 
leadership with its Anne Frank Award for Human Dignity and Tolerance. 
In accepting that honor, Ben said:

       We need to keep hope alive that with patience and 
     persistence, we can create a world that is safe and peaceful 
     and prosperous.

  Ben Cardin's work in this Senate shows us how we can create just such 
a world.








[Page S6791]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                          Tribute to Senators

  Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the Biden-Harris administration will go 
down in history as arguably the most productive and consequential 
administration in the last 75 years. They couldn't have done it without 
a good partnership in Congress.
  Today, I want to thank five Democratic Senators who played key roles 
in the historic achievements of this Congress and many others. They 
include chairs of four committees and one subcommittee, and they will 
all be leaving when they finish up their work this month.
  I have more words of thanks for other departing colleagues and will 
deliver those soon.
  Collectively, these five Senators have given nearly 135 years of 
service to the U.S. Senate. They represent not only a good deal of this 
body's institutional memory but a large share of its heart and its 
conscience as well.








[Page S6791]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                           EXECUTIVE CALENDAR

  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the previous order, the 
Senate will proceed to executive session to resume consideration of the 
following nomination, which the clerk will report.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Anthony 
J. Brindisi, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the 
Northern District of New York.
  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Democratic whip.








[Page S6791]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS

  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Morning business is closed.

                          ____________________








[Page S6791]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME

  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved.

                          ____________________








[Page S6791]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to 
the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mrs. Murray).
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter:

                                                      U.S. Senate,


                                        President pro tempore,

                                 Washington, DC, December 4, 2024.
     To the Senate:
       Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the 
     Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable 
     Peter Welch, a Senator from the State of Vermont, to perform 
     the duties of the Chair.
                                                     Patty Murray,
                                            President pro tempore.

  Mr. WELCH thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro 
tempore.

                          ____________________








[Page S6791]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE

  The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows:

       I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of 
     America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation 
     under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.

                          ____________________








[Page S6791]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                                 PRAYER

  The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer:
  Let us pray.
  Eternal Lord God, You inhabit all ages and all worlds. Dwell among 
our Senators today. Tune their hearts to Your purposes, and open their 
lips to speak Your wisdom.
  Lord, infuse them with Your Spirit so that their work will make a 
positive impact on our Nation and world. Banish their anxieties as You 
provide them with a faith strong enough to face whatever challenges 
they must confront. Give them openness of mind in order that they might 
perceive Your will more clearly, sincerity of heart that they might 
love You more profoundly, and clarity of purpose that they might serve 
You more devotedly.
  We pray in Your loving Name. Amen.

                          ____________________








[Page S6791]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

[[Page S6791]]

Senate

  The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable 
Peter Welch, a Senator from the State of Vermont.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6791-S6792]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                      Tribute to Thomas R. Carper

  Tom Carper. Mr. President, it was late on a Friday afternoon in the 
1990s

[[Page S6792]]

when a staffer handed a letter to Delaware's then-Governor Tom Carper. 
The letter from a girl named Melissa read: ``I am writing to the 
governors of all 50 states to ask the same question: What is the secret 
to happiness?''
  ``Dear Melissa,'' the Governor replied, ``serve others. Sincerely, 
Tom.'' That was it. For then-Governor, now-Senator Tom Carper, that 
simple selfless bit of advice--``serve others''--could sum up his 
entire political career and his life. He is moderate, bipartisan, and 
relentless.
  As chair of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, Tom 
Carper helped lead the fight to pass the Inflation Reduction Act, the 
most significant investment ever--ever--to tackle the climate crisis. 
The law also helped lower healthcare costs and energy costs and 
strengthen America's energy security--what a combination.
  Tom Carper was a key author of the largest long-term infrastructure 
investment in the history of the United States, the bipartisan 
Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act.
  As the last Vietnam veteran serving in the U.S. Senate--think about 
that for a moment: the last Vietnam veteran serving in the U.S. 
Senate--Senator Tom Carper was a key force in passing many laws, 
including the Agent Orange Act of 2009; the PACT Act, to provide 
healthcare for veterans sick by exposure to burn pits and other toxic 
hazards; and a measure I authored with him that allows the VA to 
provide modest compensation for family members serving as caregivers 
for severely injured veterans.
  Tom Carper has also encouraged a generation of young people to enter 
public service and run for office. Next month, one of those people, one 
of those public servants who got her start as an intern in a 
congressional office that Tom Carper handled, will take his place in 
this body. Lisa Blunt Rochester will be the first woman and the first 
person of color Delawareans have ever sent to the U.S. Senate.
  Thanks, Tom, for showing her and countless others the importance and 
dignity of public service.








[Page S6792]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                          Judicial Nominations

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, today, the Senate will continue working 
to confirm more of President Biden's well-qualified judicial nominees.
  On Monday, I filed cloture on five more district court judges. We 
will continue the process of confirming those judges later this 
morning. We will begin with votes on two district court judges for the 
Northern District of New York, Anthony Brindisi and Elizabeth Coombe.
  Anthony Brindisi, I know well. He is a proud son of Utica, a former 
Member of Congress. I worked closely with him on many issues for 
Upstate New York, particularly his hometown of Utica, where my dad was 
raised, so I have a particular affinity to him.
  Anthony Brindisi is a proud son of Utica. He is also an exceptionally 
qualified attorney whose legal acumen and deep care for the Mohawk 
Valley and all of Central New York will make him an excellent addition 
to the Northern District.
  Beth Coombe has also been a trailblazing prosecutor for her entire 
career in Albany and Syracuse, the first woman to become Federal 
criminal chief for the Northern District. I am proud to see her ascend 
to the Federal bench.
  After we vote on these judges, we will then vote to advance Sarah 
Davenport to be a district court judge for the District of New Mexico, 
and we will keep moving forward with the remaining judges as soon as 
possible.
  Democrats have made confirming President Biden's well-qualified 
judges a top priority the last few years. It will remain a priority 
until our very last day in the majority.








[Page S6792]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                   Recognition of the Majority Leader

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority leader is recognized.








[Page S6792]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                     Tribute to Laphonza R. Butler

  Finally, I want to acknowledge Senator Laphonza Butler. She was 
appointed just over a year ago to finish the term of the late Senator 
Dianne Feinstein. She took Senator Feinstein's seat on the Senate 
Judiciary Committee. I was honored to chair that committee and work 
with her every time we met.
  Thoughtful, collegial, hard-working--you could always find her ready 
to proceed forward for as much time as it may take. She sought to 
advance the ideals of our Nation and give voice to Americans facing 
critical challenges, from access to reproductive health care to voter 
suppression.
  She is one of the youngest Senators, the third Black woman and 12th 
Black person to serve in this Chamber and the only Black person ever to 
chair the Constitution subcommittee. She has brought an important new 
voice to our debates. We are grateful for her new perspectives and her 
distinguished service.
  As I said, Mr. President, I will have more to say about other 
departing Senators. For now, I want to say to these Senators: It has 
been an honor to serve with you, to work with you for the good of our 
Nation and the good of the world.
  I yield the floor.








[Page S6792]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                       Tribute to Debbie Stabenow

  Debbie Stabenow. In the year 2000, Senator Debbie Stabenow became the 
first woman ever elected to the Senate from the State of Michigan, but, 
as she says, it doesn't matter if you are first unless there is a 
second and a third.
  Her leadership and example have undoubtedly persuaded more women to 
run for and win public office, including in the Senate. America is 
better for it even if we still have a long way to go.
  As a longtime member and now chair of the Senate Agriculture, 
Nutrition, and Forestry Committee, she wrote much of the bipartisan 
2014 farm bill and coauthored the 2018 farm bill. There is no other 
Senator on the floor of this body who has the competence, skill, and 
track record of Debbie Stabenow in the field of agriculture, forestry, 
and nutrition. She is simply the expert and has taught herself an 
arcane body of law to a degree that most of us just don't even 
comprehend.
  Eight months ago, she unveiled the foundation for a strong, new farm 
bill containing hundreds of bipartisan provisions. More than ever 
before, these farm bills that Debbie has helped to write meet the needs 
of farmers in rural communities, while also protecting low-income 
seniors, moms with kids, and people with disabilities in need of 
affordable groceries.
  In addition, Senator Stabenow has been a leader in protecting one of 
our greatest natural resources--and I know this one as well--the Great 
Lakes, including her pivotal role last year in advancing the Brandon 
Road Interbasin Project, a project with a long name but with a simple 
purpose: stop the invasion of the carp into the Great Lakes, which 
could be devastating to the future of those great bodies of water.
  I know her Oldsmobile dealer father would be proud of the way she 
fought to save the U.S. auto industry when others were ready to give up 
on it. Debbie never gave up on the auto industry. She became our most 
forceful champion of that provision.
  I am sorry that Debbie, just a few days ago, lost her mother, who was 
an extraordinary woman herself. But her mother, I am sure, was deeply 
proud of the time that Debbie spent her entire career prodding 
government to work for everyone, not just those who are well-connected.
  I am proud to call Debbie my friend and colleague.








[Page S6792]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                       Tribute to Joe Manchin III

  Joe Manchin. As chair of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources 
Committee since 2021, Senator Joe Manchin has been a decisive force on 
America's energy and environment agenda. He was a key player in passage 
of the Inflation Reduction Act. Independent analyses project that law 
will reduce U.S. carbon emissions by 40 percent by the year 2030 
compared with 2005--if we give it a chance to work.
  Joe Manchin was elected to the Senate in 2010 to fill the legendary 
vacancy created by the death of Robert C. Byrd. While he arrived here 
following the footsteps of a legend, he leaves behind some pretty big 
footprints himself.








[Pages S6792-S6793]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                       Tribute to Debbie Stabenow

  Mr. President, finally, let me close on a bittersweet but deeply 
grateful note.
  Later this afternoon, Senators will gather in the Chamber to hear the 
farewell remarks of a beloved colleague, our dear friend--my dear 
friend--Debbie Stabenow of Michigan. She will leave the Senate at the 
end of this year after 24 remarkable years in this Chamber and many, 
many more in public service.
  But today, I don't want to start my tribute by listing off Debbie's 
myriad

[[Page S6793]]

accomplishments--although, they are great--nor do I want to focus on 
how much all of us in the Democratic caucus love to work with her--
though, we certainly do.
  And, you know, as leader, you can't do everything yourself, and I 
don't try. And you give jobs to different people. When you give Debbie 
Stabenow a job, she gets the job done. Every time I call Debbie--it is 
so frequent--and I ask her to do this or do that, I know it will get 
done and get done well because of her phenomenal dedication and ability 
and energy and drive. And she does it all with a smile on her face. She 
is just great.
  But let me begin by focusing a couple of blocks down the street from 
Debbie's alma mater, Michigan State University, and an old bar called 
the Coral Gables. There as a college student, Debbie was a regular 
working, of all things, as a folk singer. Yes, Debbie sang part time to 
earn a little money on the side back in college. And many years later, 
once in the Senate, her love of folk music led her to achieve a 
lifelong goal of singing with Peter, Paul, and Mary, all for raising 
money for anti-bullying causes.
  She was in a little singing group. I forgot the name of the fellow. 
It was Debbie and--I don't remember--Debbie and Dan or something like 
that. I hope she mentions it on the floor when she speaks.
  Why do I mention this? Simple, for Debbie Stabenow, an elected leader 
with very few peers in this Chamber, the first woman to represent 
Michigan in the U.S. Senate, politics by itself has never been the end 
goal.
  For Debbie, the end goal has always been her community and about 
building support for worthy causes, about being a constant presence in 
her hometown on campus in Lansing or all over the State, the kind of 
person who loved getting to know everyone on a first-name basis. That 
has always been Debbie at her core. Add to that a thirst for fairness, 
a love of complex problems, a knack in persistence for winning, and you 
get the senior Senator from Michigan.
  Saying good-bye is heart-wrenching. Saying thank you is hardly 
sufficient. After two decades, there is no policy issue left that 
Debbie hasn't shaped or progressed in some meaningful way. She has 
authored hundreds of bills that have become law. Her work has been 
ahead of the curve.
  Look no further than her legacy on closing the gap for mental health 
policy. She so cared about people's mental health. She knew that the 
Federal Government had to step up to the plate. It was a decade-long 
campaign for her, but she never gave up. It didn't matter if it was a 
Democratic President, Republican President, Democratic majority leader, 
Republican majority leader. She kept at it, kept at it, kept at it.
  And when the time came ripe to add significant dollars to mental 
health on several different occasions, she did, most recently on our 
major gun bill in 2022 where over $14 billion was added for mental 
health. That wouldn't have happened without Debbie Stabenow. She does 
amazing work. Amazing work.

  Of course, her true love will always be the place she calls home. It 
will always be the people of Michigan, from the rural farmers she has 
relentlessly championed through the farm bill. I never forget her 
devotion to the cherry farmers and reminding us that Michigan is the 
biggest sweet cherry State in the country. I reminded her New York is 
the biggest sour cherry State in the country.
  Anyway, she has always fiercely protected the farmers of Michigan to 
the Great Lakes to the small town and working class and middle class 
families just trying to afford health care and prescription drugs.
  When the auto industry needed saving in a moment of crisis, Debbie 
came to their rescue.
  When hungry kids and hungry families needed someone to fight for 
their needs in the highest echelons of government, Debbie was their 
voice. There were a lot of people on the Ag Committee who didn't want 
to feed children, hungry children, and give them what they needed. 
Debbie knew that they needed certain things as well for their row 
crops. She always was able to weave together a coalition that would 
pass the Ag bill, help hungry children, and help the farmers.
  And when our caucus needed good leaders and team players to guide us, 
organize us, and help us achieve our goals, Debbie stepped up to the 
plate. Just 4 years in her time into the Senate, she became the third-
ranking Democrat in the caucus when she was named caucus secretary by 
the late Harry Reid. And for many years, she has been an expert and 
skillful force as chairman of the DPCC--our Democratic Policy and 
Communications Committee--organizing weekly lunches, providing 
messaging and strategy resources and organizing our caucus's yearly 
retreat.
  At all of our Tuesday lunches, Debbie would get up and go over our 
strategy--every Tuesday--and everybody listened, and everybody 
followed. She would publish a list of who has helped us, giving them 
credit and then expanding the list of who else would help us, because 
they weren't on the list the previous week.
  And, of course, I want to thank Debbie for her many, many years as 
leader of the Ag Committee and on the farm bill. It is a cause she 
dedicated herself. Together we worked on getting help for our specialty 
crops, our fruits and vegetables, which Michigan and New York have so 
much produce from. She was a champion of this legislation--all ag 
legislation--and I commend her for recent work in releasing a strong 
bill.
  So to lose Debbie--I begged her to stay when she told me a year and a 
half ago that she wasn't going to run. Although, true to her 
commitment, Debbie said: Don't worry, we will have a great new Senator 
to take my place, and I will make sure she wins. And she did, and now 
we have Elissa Slotkin coming, who was a protege of Debbie's. When she 
makes a commitment, there it is, it gets done.
  Finally, what is incredible about Debbie's legacy is that things 
could have turned out very, very differently. In fact, Debbie's 
preference growing up was to serve in a different capacity, perhaps 
criminal justice, perhaps social work, which she studied in college. 
Political life may not have been in the cards at all were it not for an 
incident that occurred in graduate school. Because while she was 
studying at Michigan State--she is a Spartan--a local county 
commissioner announced he was shutting down the only nursing home in 
town that served low-income seniors.
  The decision lit a fire within Debbie, a deep anger at the utter 
callousness of the decision. What this official did was simply unfair, 
it was mean-spirited. So Debbie, then just 24 years old with no 
political experience, decided to run against him. The incumbent wasn't 
exactly respectful about a younger woman challenging his seat. But then 
she won. She won in a landslide. And, of course, her goal was not to 
win the election but to save the nursing home. And she did. And along 
the way, Debbie discovered she loved running for office because she 
loved people. She just has that friendly, all-embracing look, and she 
would meet people. She would shake hands. She would get to know the 
entire town on a first-name basis and, most of all, listening to what 
her neighbors were thinking as she met them.
  So from then on, Debbie never looked back. Thank God for that, too, 
because now that time has come for us to say goodbye. Debbie's mom, who 
instilled in her a belief in political activism, just passed away but 
made sure she mailed her absentee ballot while she was sick. One of her 
last acts was to make sure she voted. That is where Debbie got it all. 
She always talks glowingly about her mom. And her mom knows, we all 
know, that Debbie Stabenow leaves our country a better, stronger, 
healthier place than the day she chose to save the nursing home.
  So, Debbie, thank you, thank you, thank you. We will miss you. I 
certainly will miss you. You are one of my best friends and one of my 
best members of the team. But we are happy for you and your family, and 
we know you are going to continue to do great things for our country 
and for Michigan in the years to come.
  Debbie, Godspeed. Godspeed.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Republican whip.








[Pages S6793-S6794]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                          Biden Administration

  Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, the past 4 years have been marked by 
increasing instability on the world stage. Over the course of the Biden 
administration, we

[[Page S6794]]

have seen an unprovoked invasion of Ukraine by Russia, China flexing 
its power in the Indo-Pacific and beyond and increasingly threatening 
the Philippines and Taiwan, Iran continuing to foment terror in the 
Middle East, the worst terror attack in Israel's history, and the list 
goes on. And while the Biden administration cannot be held solely 
responsible for all of these events, the lack of clear American 
leadership under President Biden has undoubtedly contributed to the 
unrest that we have seen internationally.
  The President often seems incapable of staking out a firm policy 
position. Again and again, he seems to want to have things both ways, 
whether he is ordering attacks on Iran-backed terrorists while 
simultaneously declaring his unwillingness to escalate or drawing 
redlines for Israel while proclaiming U.S. support or take the war in 
Ukraine, where President Biden has advocated for the United States 
providing defense assistance while simultaneously slow-walking approval 
for critical combat resources, which has unquestionably contributed to 
the present situation.
  I don't know whether the President is trying to keep all his interest 
groups happy or is simply afraid to fully commit, but his 
indecisiveness telegraphs weakness to our enemies and allies alike, 
just as his disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan did or his policy 
toward Iran.
  The Biden administration began relations with Iran on a note of 
appeasement with an attempt to reinstate the Obama administration's 
flawed nuclear deal and then followed that up by unfreezing $6 billion 
in Iranian assets as part of a deal to free American prisoners. 
Thankfully, the administration ultimately refroze those funds in the 
wake of Hamas's October 7, 2023, attack, but unfreezing them in the 
first place was a serious mistake, as were things like the Biden 
administration's decision to restart funding for the United Nations 
Relief and Works Agency, or UNRWA, despite long-held suspicions--since 
confirmed--that there were UNRWA staffers with ties to Islamist 
militant groups.
  These types of decisions convey a message to our adversaries: a lack 
of firm resolve and a willingness to compromise and accommodate. And in 
the face of this kind of message, it is little wonder that terrorists 
throughout the Middle East have been emboldened and have been attacking 
not just our ally Israel but American assets and American soldiers in 
the region.
  And I have to wonder whether bodies like the International Criminal 
Court, which recently attempted to put Israeli leaders in the same 
class as Hamas terrorists by unlawfully issuing warrants for their 
arrest, have also been emboldened by the Biden administration's 
waffling.
  As China flexes its muscle, Iran continues its proxy war on Israel, 
and North Korean soldiers join Russia's war on Ukraine, it is time for 
a return to clear American leadership on the world stage, and that 
doesn't mean an America that intervenes in every conflict or dictates 
terms to everyone. We neither can nor should attempt to become the 
world's policeman. But it does mean an America that speaks clearly and 
doesn't equivocate, that condemns evil and doesn't accommodate, and an 
America that projects and can deliver strength, the kind of strength 
that will make our adversaries think twice before tangling with us or 
our allies.
  President Trump has made an excellent choice for Secretary of State 
with our colleague Marco Rubio. He is one of our strongest and clearest 
voices on national security. And between him and President Trump and 
other future members of the Trump administration, America's adversaries 
should be on notice. I think there has already been something of a 
shift in the air, and I am hopeful that in the weeks to come we will 
finally see movement on freeing the remaining Americans and other 
hostages who were captured by Hamas in its October 7, 2023, attack. It 
is incredible that these individuals are facing their second--second 
winter--in Gaza. And President Trump's statement Monday about his 
commitment to freeing these hostages immediately should be a warning to 
Hamas that the United States will no longer tolerate the captivity of 
her citizens.
  The last few years have shown us what a world without clear American 
leadership looks like. I am confident that the next 4 years will show 
us what the world looks like with it.
  I yield the floor.
  I suggest the absence of a quorum.
  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.
  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order 
for the quorum call be rescinded.
  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so 
ordered.








[Page S6794]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                         Tribute to George Will

  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, for just a few minutes, I would like to 
call our colleagues' attention to a rather rarified milestone in 
Washington and in our national political discourse--50 years of columns 
from George Will of the Washington Post.
  Perhaps in some other biography of some other figure approaching 
George's intellectual stature, the eye might be drawn to the doctorate 
in political science. Among the credentials of some impressive 
journalists, you might notice above all a Pulitzer Prize. But in the 
story of George Will, the most remarkable thing is the consistent, 
unrelenting rhythm.
  Twice a week for half a century, he has commanded a place in the most 
consequential conversations; twice a week, inviting and sometimes 
insisting that the most powerful city in the most powerful Nation on 
Earth actually consider a well-reasoned argument.
  Of course, George Will's columns are usually a great deal more than 
air-tight, logical cases; they are full of historical trivia, sharp 
wit, delicious sarcasm, and more often than not, allusions to or 
outright lessons in America's pastime.
  Like Buckley and Reagan, George Will quite evidently enjoys his 
vocation as a happy warrior. He clearly relishes every chance to gently 
remind readers that the answers to the biggest questions of the day so 
often lie in the wisdom and traditions of the past.
  In his own reflections on 50 years at the Post, George remarked that 
the great luxury of a columnist is assuming that the mental pantries of 
one's readers are well stocked with baseline knowledge. Well, the 
mental pantries of George's loyal readers, in fact, overflow--in no 
small part thanks to his consistent deposits of earnest produce.
  As always, we look forward to reading what he has to say next.








[Page S6794]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                   Recognition of the Minority Leader

  The Republican leader is recognized.








[Pages S6794-S6795]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                                 Israel

  Mr. President, on an entirely different matter, it has been a week 
since Israel and Hezbollah agreed to a cease-fire. War is hell, and I 
hope sincerely that this marks a durable end to the immediate conflict. 
But hope is not a strategy, and I know better than to expect honest 
dealings from hardened terrorists. It would be naive enough a year and 
a half ago to believe that Iran and its proxies had suddenly decided to 
accept Israel's right to exist. But in light of the horrors of October 
7 and the sustained campaign of terror since then, it is more likely 
that Iran and its proxies mean to alleviate the pressure of Israel's 
successful operations and give Hezbollah--the A-team of international 
terrorism and the vanguard of Iran's axis of anti-Semitic violence--
simply a chance to catch its breath.
  In the weeks and months to come, the strength of this cease-fire will 
be tested repeatedly. Will it prevent Iran from resupplying and 
regenerating Hezbollah's capacity to wage terror? Will it enable 
Lebanon's political leaders to chart a new path out of Hezbollah's 
stranglehold of their country? Will it allow residents of northern 
Israel to feel safe enough to return home?
  It is important to remember why Israel faced this terror in the first 
place: Despite chapter 7 U.N. Security Council resolutions demanding 
compliance, the cease-fire agreement that ended hostilities in 2006 was 
never enforced.
  Even with Lebanese Armed Forces and U.N. peacekeepers on the ground, 
Hezbollah rearmed and Iranian influence reached deeper into Lebanon. 
Such a tragic farce must not be allowed to repeat itself.
  This cease-fire is not a solution. If regional powers want peace, 
they need to act.

[[Page S6795]]

  First, Israel's neighbors must decide whether they want to be 
peaceful and sovereign countries or vassals of Iran and legitimate 
targets at war. This applies to Syria, Iraq, and Lebanon's fractured 
governments.
  The United States, for its part, must ensure Israel has the freedom 
to maneuver to target and destroy Iran's military and logistical 
lifelines, and America should move quickly to restore Israel's 
munitions stockpiles. As I expect the incoming administration already 
knows, this means removing restrictions on the sale of needed weapons 
like 2,000-pound smart bombs.
  But there is a broader, more fundamental lesson I hope we will take 
away from Israel's stunningly successful campaign against Hezbollah. It 
is about the credibility of threats. It was Israel's bold and decisive 
operations, not the overly cautious calls for restraint from 
Washington, that made a cessation of hostilities possible. The Jewish 
State has left Iran with no reason to doubt Israel's capacity and its 
willingness to protect its citizens and restore its sovereignty by 
force.
  America ought to apply this lesson to our own approach to the Iran-
backed groups that continue to attack American forces across the 
region--and to Ukraine as well. Too many in Washington still believe 
that the path to peace lies in restraining our friends.
  The evidence of coordination between our adversaries--China, Russia, 
Iran, and North Korea--is incontrovertible. It is high time that 
America's support for our friends carried real weight.








[Page S6795]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                         Tribute to Mitt Romney

  Mr. President, on one final matter, at the end of the year, the 
Senate will bid farewell to a number of distinguished colleagues who 
are starting well-deserved next chapters. In the coming weeks, I will 
single out a few of them for particular praise.
  It seems fitting to begin with someone whose retirement is a 
departure not just from the Senate but from a long and honorable career 
on the national political stage.
  On the bingo cards of American politics, the Governor of 
Massachusetts-Senator from Utah combination isn't known to hit very 
often, but Mitt Romney's repeated successes in public office are a 
testament to the transcendent appeal of his character.
  As it turns out, uncompromising honesty, earnest humility, and 
evident devotion to faith and family are as compelling in Cedar City as 
they are in Concord. Of course, a certain telegenic quality--dare I say 
a Presidential aura--doesn't hurt either.
  By the time our friend assumed the title of ``junior Senator from 
Utah,'' his approach to life in the public eye combined the polished 
instincts of a professional who had played to win at the highest level 
and the independence and self-assurance that come only from unshakable 
convictions.
  For Mitt, the Senate was not a waiting room or a stepping stone; it 
was the capstone to a life in public service. With the wisdom to 
discern where to devote his attention, he has managed to cram more into 
6 years than many colleagues fit into 12 or 18. He made himself a 
linchpin for bipartisan negotiations and wound up at the center of the 
effort that delivered major infrastructure legislation. He poured 
himself into worthy fights on behalf of his constituents, navigating 
everything from Tribal politics to State Department bureaucracy with 
characteristic diplomacy. He called the Senate's attention more closely 
to the state of America's competition with China and the worthy demands 
of American global leadership. He has met moments of enormous gravity 
with careful contemplation and the utmost grace.
  The past 6 years will not be remembered as the Senate's quietest. 
Observers might have wondered what more a distinguished public servant 
like Mitt Romney had to prove in coming to Washington and putting up 
with the demands of this body. But that would be a misunderstanding of 
the way our friend has ordered his life. It wasn't about what he had 
left to prove but what he had left to give.
  With that outlook, Mitt has been able to put even the most 
consequential business of public life in perspective. He reminds young 
visitors to the Capitol that the true currency of life is the people 
you love and spend your time with.
  He is quick to explain that his life isn't defined by the outcome of 
elections and that his deepest meaning comes from his faith and his 
relationship with his family. It doesn't take much to recognize how 
earnestly he means that. For one thing, we know that joining the Senate 
was, at best, a distant second on the list of Mitt's most significant 
events of the year 2019, behind celebrating 50 years of marriage to his 
sweetheart Ann. When you factor in the birthdays of 25 grandchildren 
and counting, even the most significant career milestone is bound to 
fall off the list.
  Frankly, if I were on Mitt's Senate staff, I wouldn't worry too much 
about lining up my next job. A full-time grandpa to a brood as big as 
the Romneys is bound to need some extra hands for scheduling and 
advance work.
  Mitt and Ann's partnership is one for the history books. It is a 
reminder that when you spend your life with the right people, success 
in business or politics is just icing on the cake, and when you ground 
yourself in firm beliefs, the winds of politics are easier to weather.
  As a particular moving hymn in Mitt's church instructs, ``Do what is 
right; let the consequence follow. Battle for freedom in spirit and 
might; and with stout hearts look ye forth till tomorrow. God will 
protect you; then do what is right.''
  So, Mitt, I want to thank you for devoting yourself to service and 
letting the consequence follow. May God protect you and your family as 
you write the next chapter.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hickenlooper). The Senator from Utah.








[Pages S6795-S6798]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                         Farewell to the Senate

  Mr. ROMNEY. Mr. President, I rise today to first thank the leader for 
those generous comments and to mark for my colleagues the departure 
soon from my service here in the Senate.
  During my life, I have rarely been truly alone--maybe taking tests at 
school or running cross country or on my uncle's tractor, cultivating 
corn. But I am impressed with people who have achieved great things 
largely on their own: Washington commanding the Continental Army, 
Lincoln guiding the Civil War, Edison in his laboratory. Not me. I have 
consistently been surrounded by others--usually smarter, often more 
experienced, always becoming friends.
  In business, I chose partners with skills that exceeded mine, the 
proof of which has been their stunning success after I left. As 
Governor, my team helped craft the health plan that insured nearly 
every citizen in Massachusetts. My wingman, Bob White, counseled me in 
business, the Olympics, and politics. My counselor, Beth Myers, advised 
and managed multiple campaigns and administrations. Spencer Zwick 
financed and helped guide almost every one of my endeavors. My Senate 
chiefs of staff, Matt Waldrip and Liz Johnson, built and brilliantly 
led an exceptional team and, with our policy directors, Chris Barkley 
and Stephen Newton, crafted and negotiated more legislation that became 
law than could possibly have been expected for a freshman Senator.
  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the names of my excellent 
current and former staff members be printed in the Record.
  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in 
the Record, as follows:

       Scott Albrecht, Jennifer Andelin, Victoria Anderson, Matt 
     Anderson, Audrey Arbogast, Chris Barkley, Kelsey Berg, 
     Chandler Beutler, Alex Christiansen, Jessica Christopher, 
     Clay Crozier, Maggie Frankel, Angalene Gallaway, Adam 
     Gardiner, Sharon Garn, Celeste Gold, Mandee Grant, Miriam 
     Harmer, Scott Hatfield, Kevin Henwood, Emma Huish, Liz 
     Johnson, Audra Kinney, Brianna Manzelli, Chris Marroletti, 
     Dilan Maxfield, Trent McFadyen, Barry McLerran, Stephen 
     Morris, Arielle Mueller, Tanne Murdock, Stephen Newton, Arjun 
     Nijhawan, Samantha Onofry, Linda Patino, Jessica Pavel, 
     Mollie Petersen, Elijah Philpot, Travis Porter, John Poulson, 
     Megan Reiss, Scott Richardson, Meg Roberts, David Roberts, 
     Jane Sandberg, Spencer Seal, Meagan Shepherd, Zack Shepherd, 
     Derek Shumway, Grace Simmons, Cade Slaughter, Brennan Stokes, 
     Sarah Stone, Kylie Tanner, Maurice Tolbert, Kathleen 
     Traficant, Alex Vargo, Matt Waldrip, Henrie Walton, Paige 
     Waltz, Isabel Williams, Kent Wilson, Kyle Wilson, Emily 
     Wilson, Emily Wiscombe, Alex Yost, and Elizabeth Young.

  Mr. ROMNEY. So my life's work has been a group affair. At its center, 
is my wife Ann. She is my most trusted adviser, my indefatigable ally, 
the love of

[[Page S6796]]

my life for 54 married years. Our five sons are just as loyal and are 
the source of profound pride, joy, and 25 grandchildren.
  During my first months in the Senate, I was mostly on my own and, 
thus, mostly unproductive, and then Lisa Murkowski invited five 
Democrats to join with five Republicans at her home for a takeout 
dinner. With COVID then active, we were spaced far apart, with windows 
open despite the winter cold. Our conjecture on how to bridge the 
impasse between the President and Congress on COVID relief led us over 
the next several weeks to dig in, negotiate, draft, and eventually see 
our work become the basis of law. I was fortunate to also be a part of 
what this team worked on that followed: the bipartisan infrastructure 
law, the Electoral Count Reform Act, gun safety legislation, and 
marriage legislation that included religious protections.
  Our group was Rob Portman, Kyrsten Sinema, Susan Collins, Joe 
Manchin, Mark Warner, Jon Tester, Bill Cassidy, Jeanne Shaheen, and 
Lisa Murkowski. We had each come to Washington to enact law that would 
help people, and that is just what we did. We accomplished together 
what we could have never done alone.
  So I will leave this Chamber with a sense of achievement, but in 
truth, I will also leave with the recognition that I did not achieve 
everything I had hoped. Among other things, the scourge of partisan 
politics has frustrated repeated efforts to stabilize our national 
debt. Without the burden of the interest on that debt, we would be able 
to spend three times as much as we do on military procurement--three 
times as many aircraft, three times as many ships, three times as many 
drones, spacecraft, and cyber defenses. Alternatively, we could spend 
double the amount we spend on Social Security benefits every month. Our 
national credit card is almost maxed out, and America risks becoming 
debt poor.
  My biggest surprise in the Senate has been how much I enjoy the other 
Senators on both sides of the aisle. The truth is that while I may not 
miss the Senate itself terribly much--the 10-minute votes that last an 
hour, the unknowable schedule of votes, the myriad meaningless votes, 
and the absurd passion about inconsequential votes--I will very much 
miss you, my fellow Senators, for among you are some brilliant, some 
entertaining, some kind and generous, and all patriotic. It is an honor 
to have been able to serve with you.
  It has also been an honor to represent the people of Utah, the State 
of my family heritage. What sets Utah apart is not just its beauty and 
vibrant economy, it is the admirable character of its people.
  Now, it is customary to end remarks with these words: God bless 
America. That has never seemed jarring or out of place to me because 
Americans have always been fundamentally good. From our earliest days, 
we have rushed to help neighbors in need, as de Tocqueville noted. We 
welcomed the poor, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free. We have 
respected different faiths as our first President confirmed to Muslims 
and Jews. ``United we stand'' is a fitting refrain. As the leader of 
the free world, our sons and daughters have fought time and again for 
liberty, and our treasure has buoyed freedom fighters around the globe. 
Like all people, we have made mistakes, some grievous, but often our 
mistakes have come from misguided understanding. God has blessed 
America because America is good.
  There are some today who would tear at our unity, who would replace 
love with hate, who deride our foundation of virtues, and who debase 
the values upon which the blessings of Heaven depend.
  I have been in public service for 25 years. I have learned that 
politics alone cannot measure up to the challenges we face. Our 
country's character is a reflection not just of its elected officials 
but also of its people. I leave Washington to return to be one among 
them and hope to be a voice of unity and virtue, for it is only if the 
American people merit His benevolence that God will continue to bless 
America.
  May He do so is my prayer.
  (Applause, Senators rising.)
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from West Virginia.
  Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise to speak of my dear friend who is 
departing too early.
  I am going to wait until he gets done with all of the 
congratulatories that he deserves.
  I rise again to congratulate my dear friend Mitt Romney, whom I have 
gotten to know very well and became a very close friend to. His wife 
Ann and their family and Gayle and I have become very close to each 
other and enjoyed our company.
  I have followed Mitt's career from afar for a long time. I watched 
the success that he had as he came up through the business ranks very 
successfully. I watched that. I observed the Olympics, which was going 
to be embarrassing to the United States of America if someone didn't 
step forward and take care of the mess that it had gotten itself into, 
and lo and behold, Mitt Romney did that. I was so thankful as an 
American and also admiring of his skills to pull this all together 
because I know it is a difficult task working with that Olympic 
Committee. I watched his Presidential campaigns, which I thought were 
absolutely electrifying, and I enjoyed it because I could see in his 
heart that public service was what it was all about.

  But my first encounter with Mitt was as a former Governor. We were 
both Governors together at the same time. I was coming in in 2004, and 
he was going out in 2006. He did this unbelievable thing about giving 
healthcare to everybody in his State, and it was just absolutely 
something phenomenal. So I called. Governors have a certain bond. It 
doesn't matter who you are or where you are from or if you have never 
met before in person. There is a bond.
  I said: Mitt, tell me about this healthcare plan you have.
  And he said: Joe, I was able to do this, this, and this--because he 
mentioned some of the good people who were smart and able to put it 
together. But I know one thing: Anybody who sits in that position, when 
you have good people around, someone has to assemble all of that 
material and put it in force, and Mitt was able to do that.
  And I told him. I said: Mitt, I don't have the economy that you have 
in Massachusetts, and I would love to do something for my State.
  I don't know if you remember this or not.
  He said: Joe, there might be a way to work through your public 
employees' insurance agency and let the small businesses buy in for 
group.
  And we were able to do something that had never been done before that 
helped an awful lot of small businesses and people who had no insurance 
to get insurance because of Mitt. I remember that vividly.
  Then he comes to the Senate, and that is when my personal 
relationship began. I had admired him from afar for a long time, and we 
just clicked.
  But I have got to say this: He was involved from day one. On day one, 
he hit the ground running, and Mitt brought so much institutional 
knowledge and so much, basically, support that he could bring to any 
conversation. He could bring you the contents; he could bring you the 
graphs; he could bring you everything that you wanted and even a lot 
more that you didn't want. He just engulfed us with all of this.
  And I am thinking--one day, when we were working with the bipartisan 
infrastructure bill--Mitt, I don't know if you recall--you kept telling 
us what wouldn't work because you had better facts than we had, and you 
were right, but we were trying to take your facts and work with them 
and put them in the situation we were in--back and forth, back and 
forth, back and forth.
  And here was Mitt. He comes in, and he says: Here is why. Here is 
what you should do. Here is why. Here is what needs to be done.
  And he would explain everything to us, and I am thinking: We are 
never going to get through this. We are just not going to get through 
this.
  One day, we just made the final decision: We are going to do this.
  He comes in, and he says: I like it.
  I am thinking: What the heck did we just go through? He just beat the 
living crap out of us for about 30 days, showing us how--giving us a 
roadmap of how to do something and thinking that he wasn't going to 
agree with it. And, you know, his basic comment was this: This is 
better than what we have got. We are moving the ball forward.

[[Page S6797]]

  That, to me, is the clarity of purpose. The clarity of what he came 
for is to move the ball forward and to make it better, to try to make a 
more perfect Union. We knew we couldn't be perfect.
  And Rob was in there, working it back and forth, and everybody was 
moving. When we finally got to the end, Mitt says: This is good. Could 
it be better? Sure, but it is good. Let's go.
  That was the signal we needed, and it moved from there.
  Mitt, being a freshman 6 years, I have been here longer--maybe I 
should have left 6 years ago--but I am just telling you that you have 
made my life so much better in the Senate. I enjoyed it--my 
relationship, of course, on both sides of the aisle, working together, 
and bringing people together. But it has been just an absolute pleasure 
and joy having you as a Member of the U.S. Senate, the most 
deliberative body in the world, the strongest body in the world, and 
the body that is supposed to make common sense out of things that 
sometimes don't make reason. This body is much better off, and this 
country is much better off because of your service here, and it is 
going to be missed.
  Most importantly, I am a better person. I know that Gayle and I are 
much more enriched because of your and Ann's friendship, and we 
appreciate that more than you know.
  I wish you only the best in the future. I wish you the best as far as 
what you are going to do, and I hope you don't change your phone number 
because we still need your advice no matter where we may go.
  God bless, my friend. Enjoy.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maine.
  Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, it is with a combination of pride and 
sadness that I rise to pay tribute to a truly extraordinary Senator and 
a good friend, Senator Mitt Romney.
  I rise to praise his intelligence, his imagination, and most of all 
his integrity. That is what has marked and characterized his service 
throughout his life but particularly here in the Senate. It is a day of 
sadness because I can't imagine the Senate without Mitt Romney.
  As a Senator and as a Governor, as a Presidential candidate, as the 
founder of a successful business, as the savior of the 2002 Winter 
Olympics, and as a pillar of his faith, Mitt Romney has brought 
intelligence, knowledge, experience, and, once again, integrity to 
every task he has undertaken. He meets every challenge with 
determination and a talent for bringing opposing sides together to 
forge solutions. He is always focused on getting to yes, on using 
common sense, and on achieving a result.
  I have had the pleasure of teaming up with Mitt on so many important 
issues, many of which he has mentioned. He was among the group of 10 
Senators who negotiated the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 
2021. From transportation to broadband, the most significant investment 
in infrastructure since the interstate highway system in the 1950s is 
bringing lasting benefits to our Nation.
  Mitt was also key in crafting the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act--
landmark, commonsense gun safety legislation that helps to protect 
America's children, keep our schools safer, and reduce the threat of 
violence across our country, while preserving the Second Amendment 
rights of law-abiding gun owners.
  Mitt's unshakable belief that the American people must have faith in 
our elections and that they are free and fair was evident in his 
countless contributions to the Electoral Count Reform Act, which 
ensures an orderly transition of Presidential power.
  Perhaps most impressive, his support for the Respect for Marriage Act 
demonstrated his fundamental fairness by helping to ensure that 
millions of loving couples in same-sex marriages will continue to enjoy 
the freedoms, rights, and responsibilities afforded to all other 
marriages, while strongly protecting religious liberty. And I give Mitt 
so much credit for forging the religious liberty protections that, 
combined with the protections for same-sex marriages, enabled the 
enactment of the Respect for Marriage Act. He was the one who drafted 
the religious liberty provisions that were so key.
  There are other areas where Mitt has been a key player and ahead of 
his time. From identifying the threat posed by Russia more than a 
decade ago to pushing Congress and the administration to develop a 
strategy to better counter the challenge presented by China, Mitt has 
worked extensively on American foreign policy and national security. He 
has been a champion for Ukraine and a strong supporter of supplying aid 
to that brave country in its time of peril.
  Most of all, Mitt has reminded us over and over again of our $36 
trillion national debt and the need to put our trust funds on solid 
ground. In fact, I think that a great post-Senate responsibility that 
Mitt could take on is a commission to look at all of those trust funds. 
He has proposed legislation to do just that. I can't think of a better 
person to head that commission.
  Mitt announced his decision to step down from the Senate with these 
words:

       While I'm not running for reelection, I'm not retiring from 
     the fight.

  As he and his wonderful wife Ann move on to this next phase of their 
lives, I am sure that this outstanding leader will continue to fight 
for the core values that have made America great.
  Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from North Carolina.
  Mr. BOOKER. Did I miss that? The Senator from New Jersey.
  Mr. TILLIS. We look so much alike.
  Mr. BOOKER. Will the Senator yield?
  Mr. TILLIS. Yes.
  Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise to object. I will not let this man 
go quietly into the night. I would ask for unanimous consent to force 
him to stay in the Senate, but like all of my unanimous consent 
requests over the last 10 years, none of them have ever passed.
  Mr. ROMNEY. I object to that.
  Mr. BOOKER. Case in point.
  I didn't necessarily expect to speak, but I found myself sitting 
there getting sad and angry that we are losing Mitt Romney, first of 
all, because we have--obviously, to the naked eye--so much in common: I 
am Black, and Mitt Romney is Black adjacent. Mitt Romney is a man of 
great personal net worth, and I am a man of great personal net girth.
  The reality is, the more I served with Mitt Romney, the more I found 
myself hoping to have more in common with him. I have watched somebody 
from this seat for years now give a master's class in what I believe 
America needs most. I ran for President because of this drive and this 
feeling that our Nation was becoming too tribalistic. I watched time 
and time again from this seat a person who put aside the desires for 
partisan adoration for a deeper conviction to stand up for our Nation. 
I watched a man not confuse tribal celebrity with leadership 
significance. I watched time and time again and saw it with my own eyes 
him being harassed in airports and being scorned for taking principled 
stands that he saw as the best way to try to hold our country together.
  I disagree with him, even though I see him now from one of his 
colleagues getting great approbation for a moment I remember when I was 
a mayor watching him run for President where he was asked what the 
great national security threat is, and he said Russia. At the time, 
many people made fun of him, and I now have been in classified 
briefings with him and other Senators where his wisdom in perceiving a 
threat was not only appreciated, but I literally saw in a classified 
briefing people applaud the insight of the man.
  But I disagree with him now. I disagree with him because, to me, the 
greatest threat to America, despite other comments that have been made 
here, including from one of my esteemed colleagues yesterday who said 
it was our national debt, I think the greatest threat to America is our 
inability to come together as a country, because when Americans are 
united, there is nothing we can't do. We can beat the Nazis. We 
can send someone to the Moon. But, indeed, the greatest calling of our 
country right now is to put more indivisible back into this one Nation 
under God.

  I have sat here for years now, and I have watched, perhaps, someone 
show with clarity of purpose that I have got to be what his faith and 
mine call for: Blessed are the peacemakers. Blessed are the people who 
stand in the breach. Blessed are the people who heal, who try to weave 
together the torn threads

[[Page S6798]]

of our great Nation back into a mighty whole.
  This body is lesser, is lesser with this loss. When I heard the news 
that he wasn't running again, I wasn't happy for him and his family. 
And I know his values start with that core of faith and family, but I 
do worry about this body. I do worry about our Nation. The one thing 
that gives me hope is the light that he has shined into this place will 
endure. And perhaps many of us, as he departs, will try our best, 
despite the forces that pull us apart, to pick up the work that he has 
left behind to do more to affirm a principle that he clearly has kept 
centered in his eyes, as is in the center of the aisles of this great 
institution, which is those words from a dead language: ``e pluribus 
unum.''
  Mitt Romney, thank you for being my friend. Thank you for being 
someone who has inspired me to be better. And thank you for being a 
great American patriot.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from North Carolina.
  Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, my folks were wondering why I am sitting 
so close to Mitt Romney. He and I are seat mates. These are our 
assigned seats.
  I told Mitt that I had not prepared a single comment, but I did want 
to come down and say a few things about him.
  I hope that we use this opportunity and remember it over the next 2 
years. Here is a question we can all ask or we can all talk about and 
thank him for the incredible work that he has done. And to his staff, 
the problems he has caused for you by being so honest, so forthright, 
and so direct. Right?
  How many times, Mitt--you can't answer it because I think it is 
against the rules--but how many times have your staff gone: Boss, we 
wish sometimes you just weren't so forthright and honest?
  But that is who this guy is. We have been battle buddies in a lot of 
the bipartisan efforts that have gone along. He is the reason why some 
of them passed, quite honestly. Without his support and the support of 
a handful of others, stuff that has enduring generational value would 
have never happened.
  I would ask everybody here who is thanking Mitt Romney for his role 
model behavior in the times he has been in the Senate and the times 
that I have known him--the first time I met him was the December before 
his election, when I was a fairly newly minted legislator--and there is 
no reason why he would have known me or remembered that meeting. But I 
have been impressed with him since that moment in Charlotte, NC, when 
he was running for President--let us go forward and hopefully ask 
ourselves, as we come together as a nation, as we solve problems that 
can only be solved by people on both sides of the aisle coming together 
and taking the heat that comes along with that, let's ask ourselves 
over the next 2 or 4 years what would Mitt Romney do and let that be a 
guiding post for those of us who are going to be here who may be put 
into those situations to do right by this country.
  We are going to have one less person in Mitt here, but I believe it 
is in all of us to emulate what Mitt has done. I hope that that is a 
part of the legacy that we will honor as he is gone.
  Finally, if you don't know about Mitt--I am going to miss him for 
those reasons. Those are all legitimate reasons to miss Mitt, but I am 
going to miss his fast wit and his ability to just call things quickly. 
Having a seat mate like that when you are in the middle of vote-arama 
is gold, folks. Nobody is going to know that except for the 
conversations we have had back here in the middle of the night.
  He is a good man, a good father, a great grandfather.
  I know I am not supposed to do this either, but by show of hands, who 
shares DNA with Mitt Romney up there in the Gallery? Yes. Well, 
congratulations to all of you and the dozens of other family members 
who have to be hugely proud of Mitt Romney. I am.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Montana.
  Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, we have a vote coming up real quick, so I 
am going to be very, very, very brief.
  First of all, Mitt, you have been an incredible U.S. Senator. We are 
losing some good ones this time around, but you are at the top of the 
list.
  My father was born and raised in Utah, the State that you represent. 
My father and mother were both really good Democrats. But I am going to 
tell you that they would have loved Mitt Romney. The reason they would 
have loved Mitt Romney is because Mitt Romney is a realist, not an 
idealist; somebody who looks at issues and tries to solve them, tries 
to get to yes, not to get to no, without giving up his principles.
  Your time here in the U.S. Senate, the gift that the good Lord gave 
to me to work with you and eight other folks besides us on that 
infrastructure bill, is something that I will never forget in this 
body. And you stood up time and time again and talked realism to all of 
us.
  As you go out, just know that there is not a soul in here that 
doesn't know you are a man of faith, and I appreciate that because you 
exhibit that faith. You don't preach. You walk the walk.
  I just want to say, as others have said before, because it is true, 
the U.S. Senate will be diminished because of your absence. And I 
appreciate the opportunity to get to know you and work with you and get 
some stuff done.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wisconsin.
  Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
mandatory quorum call be waived.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.








[Pages S6798-S6799]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                             Cloture Motion

  Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending 
cloture motion, which the clerk will state.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

                             Cloture Motion

       We, the undersigned Senators, in accordance with the 
     provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, 
     do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomination 
     of Executive Calendar No. 842, Anthony J. Brindisi, of New 
     York, to be United States District Judge for the Northern 
     District of New York.
         Charles E. Schumer, Richard J. Durbin, Tammy Duckworth, 
           Ben Ray Lujan, Patty Murray, Alex Padilla, Peter Welch, 
           Jeff Merkley, Richard Blumenthal, Amy Klobuchar, 
           Christopher A. Coons, Debbie Stabenow, Robert P. Casey, 
           Jr., Elizabeth Warren, Margaret Wood Hassan, Jack Reed, 
           Tim Kaine.

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous consent, the mandatory quorum 
call has been waived.
  The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the 
nomination of Anthony J. Brindisi, of New York, to be United States 
District Judge for the Northern District of New York, shall be brought 
to a close?
  The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The bill clerk called the roll.
  Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema) is 
necessarily absent.
  Mr. THUNE. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator 
from Ohio (Mr. Vance).
  The yeas and nays resulted--yeas 50, nays 48, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 309 Ex.]

                                YEAS--50

     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Booker
     Brown
     Butler
     Cantwell
     Cardin
     Carper
     Casey
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gillibrand
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Helmy
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Manchin
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schumer
     Shaheen
     Smith
     Stabenow
     Tester
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden

                                NAYS--48

     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Braun
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Collins
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Kennedy
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     Moran
     Mullin
     Murkowski
     Paul
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Romney
     Rounds
     Rubio
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tillis
     Tuberville
     Wicker
     Young

                             NOT VOTING--2

     Sinema
     Vance
       
  (Mr. HEINRICH assumed the Chair.)
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Cortez Masto). On this vote, the yeas are 
50, the nays are 48.

[[Page S6799]]

  The motion was agreed to.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Alabama.








[Page S6799]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                          Trump Administration

  Madam President, the American people gave President Trump a mandate 
to get Washington working for the people again. We chose President 
Trump because he isn't interested in the same ol', same ol' in this 
town--a breath of fresh air, no more business as usual. President Trump 
is returning to the White House and has nominated Pete Hegseth to serve 
as Secretary of Defense.
  I just met with Pete on Monday. I have known him for a long time. He 
is the man we need leading our military. Pete is smart. He is battle-
tested, and he is prepared to lead. Pete has actually had a real job in 
the military--on the battlefield--not pushing papers in some stuffy 
room in the Pentagon.
  Just this morning, Pete posted on X that he is in this for the 
warfighters and not for the warmongers--an excellent quote.
  That is exactly why the military-industrial complex is losing its 
mind. If confirmed, Pete will focus on rebuilding peace through 
strength, putting America first, and prioritizing America's military 
readiness. He will focus on lethality and maintaining our competitive 
edge, not to mention getting our recruitment problems straightened 
out--and, boy, do we have problems.
  With military recruitment tanking, what better way to inspire young 
men and women to join the most lethal fighting force in the world than 
by nominating a decorated veteran who served in two wars and is closer 
to their age. Pete is someone who relates to them and looks like them. 
Who is more likely to inspire confidence in 18- to 21-year-olds in the 
military--old, out-of-touch, and arrogant military higher-ups or a 
younger guy who has been on the battlefield, shoulder to shoulder in 
the mud with the infantry? I am willing to bet young people would 
rather sign up to follow the fellow who is the second man on this list.
  We need a drill sergeant, someone who has been in the trenches. That 
man is Pete Hegseth. This is perfectly in line with President Trump's 
effort to get the Federal Government's house in order. Pete will 
prioritize building an effective, streamlined Pentagon that can 
actually pass an audit, which they haven't done in 7 years. He will 
target waste, fraud, abuse, and refocus the DOD's workforce on its core 
mission.
  And this can't come soon enough. Under this administration, Russia 
has invaded Ukraine. Iran-backed Hamas brutally attacked Israel. Syria 
faces a revolution, and China is threatening to invade Taiwan and 
spread its influence across Africa and South America.
  We live in a dangerous world. America can't afford this outdated type 
of leadership at the DOD to continue any longer. It could result in 
even more devastating consequences, especially as the outgoing 
administration has the United States teetering--teetering--on the brink 
of World War III.
  I look forward to beginning a new chapter in January of next year. We 
will finally turn the page on one of the most criminally bad 
administrations in the history of our country. More importantly, we 
will be entering into a new era, a new golden age of America; but in 
the meantime, I will continue to demand that Senator Schumer prioritize 
our troops and national security over partisan judges and funding 
foreign wars.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Mississippi.








[Page S6799]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                                  NDAA

  Mr. TUBERVILLE. Madam President, I rise today to highlight some of 
the major victories that were included in the Senate's version of the 
NDAA--the military budget--that passed out of the Senate Armed Services 
Committee almost 6 months ago.
  The Senate's version of this year's NDAA includes some excellent 
provisions, including a 4.5-percent pay raise for America's military 
servicemembers. This is a pay raise for the boots on the ground, not 
the top brass at the Pentagon. We secured powerful, new security 
initiatives in the Indo-Pacific. We secured provisions that advance our 
counter unmanned aircraft systems technologies.
  Among the Senate's NDAA victories, I also count my amendments, which 
will help focus the Pentagon on its stated mission of deterring war and 
ensuring our Nation's security. One of these amendments includes 
slashing all funding for the woke diversity, equity, and inclusion 
policies at the DOD. Another amendment prohibits the use of taxpayer 
dollars for any costs associated with funding gender transition 
surgeries.
  We need a military that is 100-percent focused on protecting our 
country and enhancing our national security, not implementing a woke 
agenda. Our military is not a social experiment. It should be a lethal 
fighting force, feared by our enemies and made up of our best and 
brightest in this country, which is why I applaud the work of the 
Senate Armed Services Committee and Ranking Member Wicker's leadership 
for putting together this excellent piece of legislation. The Senate's 
version of the NDAA received bipartisan support in committee, getting 
22 of the 25 votes. You seldom see Republicans and Democrats come 
together like this.
  So I ask: Why has Senator Schumer not brought this to the floor for 
the past 6 months? Why has the Senator from New York put a stop to 
good-faith efforts on setting our military up for success in the 
future? If Senator Schumer really cared about our military, he would 
have brought the NDAA up for a vote almost 6 months ago, but instead, 
we have been prioritizing liberal judges for the final weeks he has 
left as majority leader. Senate Democrats are more interested in 
burning taxpayer dollars on an unwinnable war in Ukraine than passing 
our military's budget.
  Sadly, we have seen this time and time again: leadership that would 
rather cater to the woke administration than ensure our military is a 
lethal fighting force. But putting a woke agenda over our national 
security is nothing new to this administration. No institutions, not 
even our great military, are safe from being taken over by the Biden 
regime's radical woke policies.
  Immediately after taking the White House, President Biden began to 
weaponize the DOD, using it as another tool in the administration's 
arsenal to further its progressive agenda. One of the Biden 
administration's first moves was to mandate the divisive diversity, 
equity, and inclusion training at the DOD--picking up right where 
Barack Obama left off 4 years earlier.
  On day 1, the Biden administration announced that the military would 
begin conducting training to ``have knowledge of systemic and 
institutional racism and bias against underserved communities.'' This 
hateful ideology has no place in the United States, let alone the U.S. 
military.
  This is supposed to be the No. 1 fighting force in the world. It is 
dangerous and insulting to waste our troops' valuable time on political 
indoctrination such as this. We need a lethal killing machine to deter 
aggression from our adversaries. I want our military focused on 
protecting Americans and our national security in an increasingly 
dangerous world, not on all of these woke DEI initiatives. There is no 
place for it, and Americans want to fund the military to achieve this 
objective. That is what our taxpayers pay money for, which is why on 
November 5, nearly 77 million Americans joined me in taking a stand to 
say: Enough of this nonsense.








[Pages S6799-S6800]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                       Remembering Jeanne Luckey

  Mrs. HYDE-SMITH. Madam President, I rise today with a deep sense of 
respect, admiration, and sadness to honor the remarkable life of Jeanne 
Luckey. Her legacy of service, strength, and compassion will leave a 
lasting impact on Mississippi, our Nation, and beyond.
  A proud daughter of Biloxi, MS, Jeanne was a woman of extraordinary 
character--dedicated to her family, her community, and her country. She 
was a tireless leader and key figure in Mississippi's Republican Party, 
serving in the roles such as president of the Mississippi Federation of 
Republican Women, as the cochair of the State Republican Party, and as 
the Republican National Committeewoman. Her voice and influence over 
the decades shaped the party at the State and national levels, and her 
work touched the lives of countless individuals across our State.
  She faced extraordinary challenges with unmatched grace. Even after a 
car

[[Page S6800]]

accident left her in a wheelchair just days after Hurricane Katrina 
reshaped the coast of Mississippi, Jeanne didn't stop. She kept 
working. She continued her work with an unwavering commitment to the 
values she held dear, always finding a way to move forward.
  Jeanne's influence went far beyond politics. Jeanne cared deeply 
about education and the people of Mississippi. As a member of the board 
of trustees for the Institutions of Higher Learning, she worked 
tirelessly to make Mississippi's universities stronger and more 
inclusive, especially for those with disabilities. Always focused on 
serving others, her contributions will be felt for generations.
  What truly defined Jeanne was her strength of character. She was a 
woman who made others better. Her husband always said it best:

       She made me a better person than I otherwise would have 
     been.

  Those of us who had the privilege of knowing her can attest to that. 
Her wisdom, her kindness, and her ability to bring people together left 
a permanent mark on everyone she met.
  Jeanne leaves behind a lasting legacy that will continue to inspire 
those whose lives she has touched. My heart goes out to her husband 
Alwyn, to their two daughters Laurel and Taylor, and to her 
grandchildren Cornelius and Toxie Ray.
  Mississippi has lost an amazing woman and a true leader, but Jeanne's 
spirit, her passion for life, and her commitment to making our State 
and country a better place will endure.








[Page S6800]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                        Tribute to Tim Wolverton

  Madam President, today, I am pleased to commend and bid farewell to 
my longtime legislative director, Tim Wolverton, who has loyally served 
the Senate and the great State of Mississippi for more than 15 years. 
Tim has not only been a trusted member of my staff but a dear friend.
  Born and raised in Starkville, MS, Tim attended Mississippi State 
University where he began his political career, winning an election to 
serve as student body president.
  Apparently, Tim enjoyed being an elected official so much that he 
decided to move to the one place in the country where elected officials 
are everywhere: Washington, DC. It was here that Tim interned for one 
of his home State Senators, the late, great Senator Thad Cochran. If 
Tim hadn't caught the bug before that summer, he definitely had it now. 
A year later, Tim moved to the Nation's Capital to begin his 
professional career by accepting a job in Senator Cochran's office 
right after graduating with a degree in communications and a minor in 
leadership studies.
  Tim started his career as many of our aides do--fresh out of college, 
wide-eyed, and ready to make a difference. Under the leadership of 
Senator Cochran, Tim quickly rose through the ranks and grew from the 
eager, young staffer into an effective legislative aide and a valuable 
member of Senator Cochran's office. Throughout that time, Tim continued 
his studies, completing a program from the Air Command and Staff 
College and earning his master's from the U.S. Naval War College.
  When Senator Cochran's career was coming to an end and I was 
appointed to the difficult task of carrying forward his legacy and 
representing all the people of Mississippi, I made the smart choice of 
asking Tim Wolverton to stay on as my legislative director, and I am 
forever grateful that he said yes. Even now, 7 years later, I couldn't 
imagine having anyone else guiding the legislative priorities of my 
office with as much skill, dedication, and integrity as Tim Wolverton. 
His steady hand and deep understanding of the legislative process have 
been instrumental in advancing the policies that matter most to 
Mississippi and to our Nation.
  Tim approached every challenge with the same unwavering commitment to 
help create a better Mississippi, whether it was working to secure 
disaster recovery funds for storm-ravaged areas of the State, advancing 
military installations to provide well-paying jobs and security for my 
constituents, or championing infrastructure projects to expand economic 
opportunity. His ability to navigate complex issues, deliver meaningful 
results, and do so with humility and grace speaks volumes about his 
character.
  Beyond Tim's many professional accomplishments, he has been a 
volunteer in his community and a mentor to younger staff members in the 
office. Although this is just one of the many examples of Tim's 
generosity, he coached a boys basketball team from their third grade 
all the way to their senior year. Tim dedicates his time and energy for 
the betterment of others.
  In the office, Tim is no different. He always keeps his door open to 
staff, listens, gives good advice, and passes on his many years' worth 
of knowledge and experience to others. They say a true leader's legacy 
is not measured by their achievements but by the achievements of those 
who he prepared to lead after he is gone. By any measure, Tim Wolverton 
stands out among the best.
  While his coworkers and I regret to see Tim move on, we are equally 
excited about the opportunities that await him. The skills he has 
honed, the relationships he has built, and the impact he has made will 
undoubtedly serve him--and whoever is fortunate enough to work with him 
next--extraordinarily well.
  To Tim, thank you for your years of dedicated service. Thank you for 
your unwavering commitment to Mississippi and to the United States. 
Most importantly, thank you for your good counsel and your friendship, 
which have undoubtedly helped me serve Mississippi and our Nation in 
the best way possible over the past 7 years. Now, I wish you every 
success in all of your future endeavors.
  I yield the floor.








[Pages S6800-S6801]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                        Disaster Relief Funding

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Vermont.
  Mr. WELCH. Madam President, if the 118th Congress were a baseball 
game, we would be nearing the bottom of the ninth. As every Senator is 
well aware, our to-do list for the next 2 weeks is long.
  There are very important issues we need to resolve before the last 
vote of the year. We need to keep the government open. We need to 
extend the farm bill and vote on the NDAA. And critically for Vermont 
and for so many States around the Nation, we must pass the 
comprehensive disaster aid package.
  Legislating is a team sport. If we work together and find common 
ground, we can send a bill to the President's desk before the end of 
Congress and deliver for those communities that desperately, 
desperately need action from the U.S. Senate.
  Despite our differences, whether they are political or geographic, 
communities from Montpelier, VT, to Mankato, MN; from Houston, TX, to 
Asheville, NC, to Maui, HI, are all asking for Congress to help with 
the devastation that has happened in those communities.
  For months, bipartisan Members of Congress from States that have been 
affected by floods, fires, hurricanes, and tornadoes have approached 
our colleagues in the time of our need. We have asked publicly and 
privately for the assistance and financial support that our homeowners 
need, our farmers need, and businesses, towns, and local governments 
urgently need, because when it comes to these extreme weather events, 
we all know that if it is not us now, it may be us tomorrow, because 
there but for the grace of God, go I, when the extreme weather events 
decide to descend upon any community.
  I found in the conversations I have had with my colleagues--
Republican and Democrat--about Vermont's recovery needs, there is an 
unspoken acknowledgement that they are not in the Vermont situation or 
in the Asheville, NC, situation, but it could change.
  The climate change that we are experiencing all around the country 
requires that, No. 1, we be ready to respond; two, we be more resilient 
and prepared; and, three, that we have better funded responses to 
recovery so that it can be faster, locally driven, and more efficient.
  In July of 2023, Vermont experienced torrential rains and severe 
storms. For a week, the rain didn't stop. That rain quickly led to 
catastrophic flooding and landslides. Many homes, many of our farms and 
businesses and communities were absolutely destroyed, and the damage to 
infrastructure was fierce. Roads, rail lines, dams, bridges, wastewater 
plants, the capital city's post office, which after 14 months finally 
reopened, those were destroyed.
  Nine States around Vermont came to our aid, and we are grateful. They 
sent

[[Page S6801]]

personnel. They sent resources. But a year after that flood, in July--
to the same date in July--we had another round of flooding, and many of 
those same homes and businesses and farms were impacted.
  The last time Congress passed a comprehensive disaster aid package 
was December of 2022. Since then, we have had more than 50 climate 
disasters around our country that each caused more than $1 billion in 
damages--a total of $155 billion in damages and rising. We know that 
that number is only going to grow when we have the final losses from 
Hurricane Milton and Hurricane Helene, and they are continuing to be 
calculated. This is an environmental and an economic disaster.
  These disasters have impacted communities from Vermont to North 
Carolina, to Minnesota, to Texas and Hawaii, and more than 40 States 
and Territories total.
  As we all know, extreme weather does not discriminate based on State 
lines or political preferences. In a crisis, we are all neighbors in 
need.
  Since Congress last passed a comprehensive disaster aid bill--this is 
just to give a sense of how repetitive this is and how what had been an 
outlier event is now becoming a common event in different places around 
our country--these are disasters that have happened: Flooding in North 
Dakota between April and May of 2023. Flooding near West Point and the 
Hudson Valley area of New York in 2023. Hurricane Helene caused damage 
across Georgia and South Carolina in September of 2024. Flooding in 
2023 in Central California, with enormous damage in the Central Valley. 
Hurricane Milton slammed Florida in October of 2024. Southeastern Iowa 
saw devastating tornadoes in 2024. Tornadoes and severe storms hit 
Nebraska in April and June of this year. And 110 tornadoes ripped 
across Missouri, Arkansas, Texas, Oklahoma, Illinois, and Kentucky in 
May, killing 16. And more than 40 tornadoes caused damage across 
Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee in March of 2023.
  These events are all too common, and they are going to accelerate, 
not diminish. So we do need to fund FEMA's Disaster Relief Fund, and we 
need to do that for the benefit of all Americans. We need to provide 
those farmers and producers and ranchers with dedicated recovery 
assistance to help them with their losses so they can farm and ranch 
again. We need to get our communities the flexible funding--and I 
emphasize ``flexible'' and locally driven funding--that they need 
through programs like the community development block grant disaster 
recovery funding, something that Senator Schatz from Hawaii has been 
leading on.
  We need to rebuild our infrastructure. We have to reimburse our 
States, whose budgets have been hammered, and reimburse our communities 
that have spent big to get folks back on safe roads. We need to fix our 
wastewater and drinking water systems for the health and well-being of 
our citizens. And we have to help those small businesses.
  That aid has to come sooner rather than later. The delay has already 
been really brutal on their ability to keep the lights on. The longer 
we wait to help disaster victims, the more disaster victims we will 
have. The list of needs will only grow. Delay hurts. It doesn't help.
  That is why I am asking my colleagues in the Senate and in the House 
to act now and act quickly for Vermont and for every State hit by a 
disaster since we last passed a disaster bill so many storms ago. We 
cannot wait.
  As I said, we have common ground in our common crisis. We must send a 
disaster bill to President Biden's desk.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from West Virginia.








[Pages S6801-S6802]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                             Foreign Policy

  Mrs. CAPITO. Madam President, today, I rise to really talk about a 
source of great concern for me and, I think, the American people, and 
that is the dangerous world that President Biden and his administration 
are leaving behind. We see a world engulfed in the flames of war in 
Europe and the Middle East and teetering on the brink in the South 
China Sea and the Taiwan Strait. Our adversaries are testing us as 
Americans--our resolve--in ways that we haven't seen in decades. That 
instability puts us, I believe--the American people--at risk.
  We see that, I believe, President Biden has been a weak Commander in 
Chief who has sort of slept through this whole global order and led us 
into some chaos. Joe Biden may be temporarily tasked with steering the 
ship of state through these crises, but Joe Biden did not inherit this 
world; he has created it.
  Joe Biden's foreign policy? Well, he really doesn't have one that is 
consistent that I can see, aside from some flip-flops, some half-
measures, and weak conciliations in place of strong deterrence--strong 
deterrence; whereas, as we look at the incoming President, President-
elect Donald Trump, we see someone who has led and will lead with 
strength, someone who defeated the ISIS caliphate, who paved the way to 
peace in the Middle East with the Abraham Accords, exerted a maximum-
pressure campaign on Iran, and got tough on China. And he is still 
talking in the same voice that he had, 4 years now later.
  President Biden's weakness has fueled violence and aggression the 
globe hasn't experienced in decades.
  On January 20, President-elect Trump is set to take the oath of 
office and once again assume the mantle of Commander in Chief. The task 
ahead of him and for all of us is monumental. Joe Biden is leaving us a 
messy world here, and it is up to the incoming administration and this 
Congress to be able to clean it up.
  Let's look at China. Over the last 4 years, China has aggressively 
expanded its military capabilities, including a massive increase in 
conventional and nuclear weapons. In 2020, the Defense Intelligence 
Agency assessed that China had about 200 nuclear weapons, which would 
reach about 400 by the year 2030. Those were the projections. Now, 4 
years later, what do we see? The same Agency counts about 500 nuclear 
weapons in China and predicts that it will be more than 1,000 by 2030.
  Chinese military spending has surged, with 2024 being the third year 
in a row where its military saw a growth of more than 7 percent. At the 
same time, President Biden's Department of Defense requested four 
consecutive military budgets that actually cut defense if you look at 
it in light of inflation. While China continues to build the biggest 
navy in the world, Biden's defense budget called for us to shrink our 
Navy from 296 ships in 2024 to 294 ships in 2030. China knows these 
investments have consequences. President Xi knows that our failure to 
invest weakens America's ability to protect and to project power 
abroad.
  During its unprecedented buildup, China increased its assertiveness 
in the South China Sea and escalated its incursions into Taiwan's 
airspace. China's cyber capabilities are also emboldened. We see this 
regularly. Attacks like Volt Typhoon or Salt Typhoon reveal a brazen 
attempt, an intention to burrow deep into our critical infrastructure 
and threaten the American people. Yet the Biden administration has 
appeared more focused on seeking meetings and chasing down diplomacy 
with China.
  China recognizes hard power, and rebuilding ours will be a day-one 
project for the Trump administration.
  Let's pivot to the Middle East and our adversary Iran, which has also 
seized on the openings from President Biden's leadership. Under Joe 
Biden, Iran has been able to supercharge its support for terrorist 
proxy groups by increasing its lucrative oil exports without 
consequence. Under Biden's watch, Iran has used these billions of 
dollars to arm Hezbollah, to ship advanced weapons like ballistic 
missiles to the Houthis, who are attacking our American ships. And we 
see these attacks orchestrated across the region. Let me repeat: Iran-
sponsored attacks on our own American forces. Our troops have faced 
hundreds of assaults on the ground and on the sea. Iran-backed 
aggression has killed U.S. servicemembers in Jordan and in the Red Sea. 
And let's not forget that there are still American hostages remaining 
held in Gaza, thanks to Iran's support of Hamas.
  All this should be completely unacceptable.
  What is more, Iran is closer to a nuclear weapon today than it was 
under President Trump. In 2020, Iran's so-called breakout time to 
produce enough fuel for a nuclear weapon was 3 months. Now it is under 
a week.

[[Page S6802]]

  When Israel was thrust into war for its survival--not of its own 
choosing--Joe Biden publicly questioned Israel's actions. He delayed 
critical arms shipments and damaged one of our most vital alliances. 
President Biden should know that U.S. support for Israel is a valuable 
deterrent. This undermining of the U.S.-Israel relationship would never 
take place under President Trump. He understood that peace through 
strength and our alliance with Israel is unshakeable; it is not a 
conditional agreement.

  Finally, as we stand here today, there is still a large-scale ground 
war in Europe perpetrated by Russia and Vladimir Putin. When Donald 
Trump assumes office, the war will be entering its third year, with an 
appalling toll in lives and suffering. More than 1 million Ukrainians 
and Russians have been either killed or wounded.
  Most recently, Putin has ramped up arms production, used a new 
ballistic missile capability, and deployed--incredibly, in my view--
North Korean troops for his offensive maneuvers.
  Donald Trump represents the off-ramp that the world needs, because 
looking to current American leadership, it is no wonder this conflict 
has escalated. This bloody war--especially with Iran and North Korea as 
Russian partners--is a stark reminder of what happens when America is 
perceived as weak.
  President Biden's foreign policy missteps, such as lifting sanctions 
on the Nord Stream 2 Pipeline, emboldened Vladimir Putin. And his 
suggestion that a ``minor incursion'' into Ukraine would receive a 
muted response--well, that certainly did not deter this catastrophic 
invasion.
  Then the Biden administration failed to push the whole of Europe to 
invest adequately in its own military and industrial capacity.
  For those of us who support military assistance for Ukraine, this 
administration has made it unnecessarily difficult for them to actually 
win this war. By slow-walking payments and stalling authorities--many 
of which they eventually agreed to, sometimes years later--the Biden 
administration failed to give full support to a sovereign nation who 
was unlawfully invaded.
  Donald Trump understands that Nord Stream 2 was a threat, and he 
sanctioned it. Donald Trump understood and understands that sticks work 
as well as carrots to boost Europe's defense spending and munitions 
production. He used that leverage, and we saw their investments go up.
  President Trump and his Cabinet will get to work on day one to push 
our NATO allies to meet their commitments and bring peace to the 
European continent where they live.
  The bottom line is this: There is a mess, and there is a mess to be 
cleaned up by the incoming President. America may not be at war, but 
this instability certainly threatens our national peace and prosperity. 
I would go even further and say that it really weighs heavily on the 
American public.
  To put it simply, failing to deter conflict makes it more likely that 
some of our young Americans, young West Virginians, will one day have 
to fight, and that again underscores the philosophy and the 
underpinnings that weakness can be very dangerous. My State of West 
Virginia is very proud that our West Virginians disproportionately, 
throughout our history, have answered the call to serve, but their 
service is not something that we take for granted.
  I believe that President Trump and his team are ready to get back to 
the peace-through-strength philosophy. They will restore our 
deterrence--the deterrence that ensures we don't have to send our men 
and women into harm's way. Deterrence is much cheaper in many, many 
ways--many different ways--than war. The good news is, we don't have to 
wait long because January is coming, and that will be the time when we 
get to work.
  Congress must take up the NDAA immediately--it has been floundering; 
the leader has refused to bring it up for at least 6 months--so that we 
can then put our critical national defense policies in place as this 
next administration takes office--something that we should have done, 
as I said, many months earlier.
  As for the Executive, I am confident President-elect Trump has the 
record and resolve to clean up the mess, and I look forward to working 
with my colleagues and the President to secure our country's rightful, 
respected, and preeminent role on the world stage.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Indiana.








[Pages S6802-S6803]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                             Foreign Policy

  Mr. YOUNG. Madam President, if you conduct a quick survey of global 
events over the past 4 years, it is impossible--impossible--to argue 
that the world is more secure today than it was when the Biden 
administration began.
  Events began to spiral downward in the summer of 2021 when the 
Taliban retook control of Afghanistan. The Biden administration's 
botched withdrawal cost the lives of 13--13--brave, patriotic American 
servicemembers. It left American citizens behind, and it left Afghans 
desperately clinging to the sides of aircraft departing Kabul.
  We shouldn't forget this. It conveyed a message of American weakness 
to the world, a message that was heard loud and clear in places like 
Moscow, Tehran, and Beijing.
  Just 6 months after the debacle in Afghanistan, Russian tanks rolled 
across the Ukrainian border. Vladimir Putin launched the largest 
conflict in Europe since World War II. The United States has stood with 
the Ukrainian people rhetorically. We provided some critical assistance 
to ensure Ukraine did not lose against the Russian onslaught.
  But I have to say, it has not put Ukrainians in a position to win. 
The Biden administration has too often slow-walked deliveries of 
weapons or they have imposed other restrictions on the Ukrainian 
forces. This foot-dragging, this obstructionism, this bureaucratic 
lethargy, this timidity has undermined our ability to convincingly 
deter Putin's ambitions or deter a broadening conflict.
  So here we are today. The war drags on with no strategy and no 
defined end goal for American support of Ukraine. Of course, the 
American people are understandably exasperated by this development. 
Meanwhile, additional conflicts developed in other regions, as if that 
wasn't enough.
  Determined to revive the Iran nuclear deal, the Biden administration 
repeated the mistakes of the Obama years. They loosened sanctions on 
the Iranian regime, and the results predictably have been nothing short 
of disastrous.
  On October 7, 2023, Hamas, the Iran-backed terror group controlling 
Gaza, carried out the worst attacks against the Jewish people since the 
Holocaust. Iran-backed Hezbollah has attacked Israel from the north and 
forced the evacuation of Israeli civilians.
  And in recent months, President Biden has sadly undone much of the 
good will he initially created when he stood with Israel after October 
7. In the process, President Biden has caved to misguided or hostile 
voices from within his own administration who demand that Israel defend 
itself with one arm tied behind its back.
  For 4 years, the Biden team has failed to formulate a strategy for 
restoring deterrence and stopping Iran's campaign of terror and chaos, 
leaving our ally Israel and the entire Middle East less safe and 
rolling back the diplomatic progress of the Abraham Accords of the 
Trump years.
  Across the Pacific, the Chinese Communist Party continues to build up 
its military, threaten Taiwan, wage economic warfare against our 
businesses and our supply chains, pursue economic coercion against 
American partners and allies, and undermine security and stability in 
the broader Indo-Pacific.
  Other than that, things are placid.
  We saw these developments play out most visibly when China launched a 
surveillance balloon over North America last year. It traveled over the 
United States. Here again, President Biden failed to provide answers to 
the American people about that situation or to restore deterrence so 
that the Chinese Communist Party understands it cannot spy on our 
schools, on our military bases, on our homes, on our farms, on the 
American people. Today, our strategic competition with China continues 
on as it must, with the CCP's global power and influence largely 
unchecked over the past 4 years.
  Whether it be in Afghanistan, the Middle East, or the Indo-Pacific, 
the

[[Page S6803]]

world that President Biden is leaving behind--there are no two ways 
about it; let's not be mealymouthed--it is a world full of chaos. A 
band of malevolent nations--China, Russia, North Korea, Iran, 
Venezuela, and others--that band is redrawing borders, threatening 
neighbors, stealing intellectual property, sowing chaos, and 
threatening the global stability. Unchecked, their aggression emboldens 
other foes of freedom, and it triggers evermore destabilizing 
conflicts.
  So what is to be done? I know there is a natural tendency to withdraw 
from the world, to give up on our leadership responsibilities, to give 
up even on what I would characterize as our own security interests. 
And, understandably, right now there is a natural impulse to withdraw, 
certainly, from our global leadership role. It all just seems so 
daunting right now.
  We have domestic problems, of course, but we cannot ignore the costs 
of such a divestment, costs which are manifesting themselves at this 
very moment. Abandoning our allies and partners will empower and 
embolden authoritarian powers, such as China, Russia and Iran and 
others around the world.
  Leadership comes with a price. It also comes with rewards, as we have 
learned throughout our history.
  I look forward to working with President Trump and the many talented 
members of his incoming administration to reverse years--years--of 
disastrous policies, to restore deterrence against tyrants everywhere. 
We must be smart. We must be economizing in our global engagement, and 
I believe President Trump and the team he is building understand that.
  We must continue to rebuild our defense industrial base across the 
country. Restoring our military readiness from artillery and submarines 
to semiconductors is critical--not promoting war but instead deterring 
conflict and furthering America's global interests, many as they are.
  We must continue to persuade our allies to increase real investment 
in their own defense. The American people can do a lot, but we can't do 
it all. Our partnerships with European and Indo-Pacific nations must 
remain firm, but our allies also must understand that we can't bear the 
burden of defending the entire globe alone. We need to use our 
diplomatic leverage, maintain a strong military, and stand with our 
allies and partners.
  A final piece is economic innovation here at home, something I have 
been working a lot on in my capacity as the U.S. Senator for Indiana. 
At a time of technological transformation, the United States cannot 
just be resilient; no, we must continue to lead. All of these pieces 
are critical to American foreign policy as we move forward. It is time 
to turn the page on the last 4 years, time to restore deterrence, and 
time to get back to peace through strength.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Nebraska.
  Mr. RICKETTS. Madam President, I have always said that keeping people 
safe is one of the most fundamental roles the government plays: keeping 
people safe.
  For 4 years, the Biden-Harris administration has failed at this most 
fundamental mandate the government has. About a month ago, the American 
people delivered a message that they were no longer going to stand for 
a government that was failing to keep them safe. The Biden-Harris 
appeasement-first foreign policy strategy has made America weaker and 
less safe. The world that the Biden administration is leaving is a more 
dangerous place today than it was 4 years ago when they took over.
  Weakness and appeasement have defined the current administration, 
starting with their disastrous pullout of Afghanistan. That pullout in 
Afghanistan cost American lives, including a Nebraskan, Marine Cpl 
Daegan Page. We also left behind Americans, unbelievably, and we also 
left behind our Afghan security partners--abandoned them--in addition 
to the billions of dollars of American equipment, through this poorly 
executed debacle.
  Since then, we have seen foreign policy fumbles and flip-flops that 
have left our allies questioning our commitment and, worse yet, has the 
bad guys--Russia, China, Iran, North Korea--questioning our resolve.
  The most disturbing example of this is Iran. Under the Trump 
administration, they knew that the way to deal with a dictator--like we 
had in Ali Khamenei in Iran--is through strength and imposing 
sanctions.
  The sanctions the Trump administration imposed took Iran's foreign 
reserves down from $122.5 billion to less than $14 billion dollars. And 
what did that mean? Well, that meant that they couldn't fund the 
terrorism around the world that they have been doing for the last 4 
years.
  When you cut off their money supply, they couldn't give it to Hamas 
or Hezbollah, and so those terrorist organizations were going broke. 
They didn't have the resources to be able to fund that terrorist group. 
And then came along Joe Biden.
  Joe Biden and his administration relaxed the sanctions on Iran 
through a naive policy that, somehow, if we just give them enough 
money, they are going to be nice to us. But that is not the way it 
works with dictators.
  It enabled Iran to generate $100 billion in oil money, and that has 
consequences. It was because of this appeasement-first policy and 
giving money to Iran that Hamas had the ability to attack our ally 
Israel on October 7; and how Hezbollah has since attacked Israel, as 
well; how the Houthis have been able to shoot at ships in the Red Sea. 
Iranian proxies--like Hamas, Hezbollah, and the Houthis--have been 
emboldened by Biden's appeasement-first policy. This is what is causing 
the chaos we are seeing right now in the Middle East.
  And while these attacks may seem far away, we must remember that Iran 
not only chants ``Death to Israel''; they chant ``Death to America.''
  Over 40 Americans were killed on October 7. Three American 
servicemembers were killed by Iranian proxy drone attacks in January. 
The Houthis continue to shoot at American ships in the Red Sea. Islamic 
terrorists have crossed our open border. And for crying out loud, Iran 
is trying to kill President Trump. And what has the Biden 
administration done? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. There has been no 
price for Iran to pay for all of this.
  Our adversaries, they see this and understand the weakness. The 
Chinese Communist Party has been emboldened. They have repeatedly 
violated our sovereignty. Spy balloons have been allowed to travel 
across our country, spying on our sensitive military installations. We 
have seen the espionage operations set up in New York City. And 
fentanyl has been killing Americans across our country. And while it 
may be coming across the southern border, the precursors are being made 
in China.
  We have also seen what Vladimir Putin has done when Russia invaded 
Ukraine.
  Our freedoms, our way of life depend on peace. And how do we maintain 
peace? We maintain peace through strength. That is what the American 
people chose a month ago when they elected President Donald Trump.
  Under President Trump's first administration, we saw the dismantling 
of the ISIS caliphate and historic peace deals in the Middle East--the 
Middle East's first peace agreement in 26 years. And, by the way, that 
should have been cause for a Nobel Prize to be awarded to President 
Trump, but the Nobel Prize committee didn't see it that way. They 
couldn't bring themselves to acknowledge the great work that President 
Trump did.
  By returning President Trump to the White House, the American people 
are sending a clear message: There is a new sheriff in town.
  The Biden-Harris age of appeasement is ending. The resurgence of 
American strength is about to begin, and I am excited to see what the 
future holds.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Rosen). The Senator from Wyoming.








[Pages S6803-S6804]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                                  NDAA

  Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I spent Thanksgiving in the Middle 
East with 400 members of our Wyoming National Guard. These heroes come 
from, actually, 40 different hometowns all across the Cowboy State--
small towns, our larger towns, east, west, north, south. I spend every 
Thanksgiving with deployed Wyoming troops. I go to thank them--to thank 
them for all they are doing to keep all of us safe and free.
  Most Americans celebrate Thanksgiving surrounded by their loved ones.

[[Page S6804]]

These soldiers spent Thanksgiving not with family and neighbors but in 
the neighborhood of America's enemies.
  Our enemies today are much more dangerous, aggressive, menacing, and 
powerful than they were just 4 years ago. For the past 4 years, 
Americans have seen the current administration surrender, squander, and 
sell out our Nation's strategic advantages.
  This administration stopped enforcing sanctions on Iranian oil sales 
that allowed Iran to sell discounted oil to China. Iran got richer and 
more menacing as a result of all the money they got, and China got more 
powerful by being able to buy cheap energy.
  Well, the Wyoming soldiers that I had a chance to visit, they are 
strong, they are tough, and they are brave. The thing that is so 
interesting, though, is I believe they are being failed by a Congress 
that hasn't done its job. It is incumbent upon Congress to make sure 
that all of these soldiers, each and every one of them, is fully 
equipped to protect our freedoms.
  The Senate should have passed the bipartisan National Defense 
Authorization Act months ago. It increases troop pay, modernizes our 
military. It also refocuses our forces on specific military hard power, 
instead of this politically correct woke policy that the military has 
been working under for the past several years.
  Right now, high prices are crushing military families. Prices are 20 
percent higher right now than they were 4 years ago. And, as a result, 
one in seven servicemembers today--today--relies on food stamps or food 
banks just to support their families. This, of course, has a direct 
impact on our problems in terms of trying to recruit more and more 
members into our military. The pay raise means that a stronger military 
and a stronger America will be there on the world stage.
  Now, as for military modernization, we need to overcome 4 years of 
weakness. The current administration has failed to keep us safe. It 
allowed 10 million illegal immigrants to cross over our southern 
border. It allowed a Chinese spy balloon to fly across America. It led 
a deadly and disastrous retreat from Afghanistan. And it slashed away 
America's hard power.
  Under the Democrats, America became a nation in retreat. Well, the 
National Defense Authorization Act reverses that. It equips our 
military. It equips them to meet the challenges of a dangerous world. 
So why hasn't the Senate--this body right here that is here today in 
session--why hasn't it yet passed the National Defense Authorization 
Act? Well, the problem isn't the product; it is the process.
  In the final weeks of their majority, the Democrats in the Senate 
have prioritized voting to confirm radical judges rather than 
protecting our Nation's security. As one Democrat Senator said last 
month, Democrats are ``hell-bent,'' he said, on getting liberal judges 
confirmed.
  Why can't Democrats show that same level of passion for supporting 
our troops? Democrats' dithering and delaying--it is downright 
dangerous. It sends a terrible message that America's deterrence isn't 
credible.
  And as a result of the November elections, that is about to change. 
The Senate is going to change. The American people voted for change. 
They voted to return to a nation that is safe and strong.
  In less than 60 days, America will once again have a President and a 
Senate majority that prioritizes making America safe and strong again.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Alaska.








[Page S6805]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                             CLOTURE MOTION

  Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending 
cloture motion, which the clerk will state.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

                             Cloture Motion

       We, the undersigned Senators, in accordance with the 
     provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, 
     do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomination 
     of Executive Calendar No. 843, Elizabeth C. Coombe, of New 
     York, to be United States District Judge for the Northern 
     District of New York.
         Charles E. Schumer, Richard J. Durbin, Tammy Duckworth, 
           Ben Ray Lujan, Patty Murray, Alex Padilla, Peter Welch, 
           Richard Blumenthal, Amy Klobuchar, Christopher A. 
           Coons, Debbie Stabenow, Robert P. Casey, Jr., Elizabeth 
           Warren, Margaret Wood Hassan, Jack Reed, Tim Kaine.

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous consent, the mandatory quorum 
call has been waived.
  The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the 
nomination of Elizabeth C. Coombe, of New York, to be United States 
District Judge for the Northern District of New York, shall be brought 
to a close?
  The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The legislative clerk called the roll.
  Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema) is 
necessarily absent.
  Mr. THUNE. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator 
from Ohio (Mr. Vance).
  The yeas and nays resulted--yeas 52, nays 46, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 311 Ex.]

                                YEAS--52

     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Booker
     Brown
     Butler
     Cantwell
     Cardin
     Carper
     Casey
     Collins
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gillibrand
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Helmy
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Manchin
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murkowski
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schumer
     Shaheen
     Smith
     Stabenow
     Tester
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden

                                NAYS--46

     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Braun
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Kennedy
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     Moran
     Mullin
     Paul
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Romney
     Rounds
     Rubio
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tillis
     Tuberville
     Wicker
     Young

                             NOT VOTING--2

     Sinema
     Vance
       
  (Ms. BALDWIN assumed the Chair.)
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Butler). On this vote, the yeas are 52, 
the nays are 46.
  The motion was agreed to.

                          ____________________








[Page S6805]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                      Vote on Brindisi Nomination

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.
  Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I know of no further debate.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate?
  If not, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the 
Brindisi nomination?
  Mrs. SHAHEEN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?
  There appears to be a sufficient second.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The bill clerk called the roll.
  Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema) is 
necessarily absent.
  The result was announced--yeas 50, nays 49, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 310 Ex.]

                                YEAS--50

     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Booker
     Brown
     Butler
     Cantwell
     Cardin
     Carper
     Casey
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gillibrand
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Helmy
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Manchin
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schumer
     Shaheen
     Smith
     Stabenow
     Tester
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden

                                NAYS--49

     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Braun
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Collins
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Kennedy
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     Moran
     Mullin
     Murkowski
     Paul
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Romney
     Rounds
     Rubio
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tillis
     Tuberville
     Vance
     Wicker
     Young

                             NOT VOTING--1

       
     Sinema
       
  The nomination was confirmed.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ossoff). Under the previous order, the 
motion to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table, and 
the President will be immediately notified of the Senate's action.
  The Senator from Colorado.
  Mr. HICKENLOOPER. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum 
call be waived.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Page S6805]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                   Nomination of Anthony J. Brindisi

  Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, today, the Senate will vote to confirm 
Anthony Brindisi to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District 
of New York.
  Born in New Hartford, NY, Judge Brindisi received his B.A. from Siena 
College and his J.D. from Albany Law School. After law school, he 
joined Brindisi, Murad & Brindisi Pearlman, LLP as an associate in 
Utica. He was a partner at the law firm from 2008 to 2014 and again 
from 2021 to 2022. He also served as of counsel from 2014 to 2018. As a 
practicing attorney, he handled primarily civil litigation matters and 
specialized in personal injury cases.
  From 2011 to 2019, Judge Brindisi represented district 119, which 
includes the Utica and Rome region, in the New York State Assembly. He 
served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 2019 to 
2021, representing New York's 22nd Congressional District.
  Since 2022, Judge Brindisi has served as a judge on the New York 
State Court of Claims in Utica. In this role, he hears civil claims 
from an eight-county region across central and northern New York. Judge 
Brindisi has also served as an acting supreme court justice in Oneida 
County since the beginning of 2024. Over the course of his judicial 
career, he has presided over 37 cases that have gone to verdict or 
judgment.
  Judge Brindisi has deep ties to the Northern District of New York. He 
enjoys the strong support of both of his home State Senators, Mr. 
Schumer and Mrs. Gillibrand, and the American Bar Association 
unanimously rated him as ``qualified'' to serve on the district court.
  Judge Brindisi's background as a litigator, public servant, and State 
court judge ensures that he will be an asset to the district court. I 
am proud to support his nomination, and I ask my colleagues to join me.








[Pages S6805-S6806]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                           EXECUTIVE CALENDAR

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of 
Elizabeth C.

[[Page S6806]]

Coombe, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the 
Northern District of New York.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority leader.








[Page S6806]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                       Tribute to Debbie Stabenow

  Mr. SCHUMER. So, Madam President, one of our dearest and greatest 
Senators is giving her farewell speech. I look forward to hearing it.
  Debbie, we love you. You have been a great Senator. We will miss you.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Michigan.








[Page S6806]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



            Unanimous Consent Agreement--Executive Calendar

  Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that all 
postcloture time on the Coombe nomination be considered expired at 5:30 
p.m.; further, that notwithstanding rule XXII, if cloture is invoked on 
the Davenport nomination, the confirmation vote occur at a time to be 
determined by the majority leader in consultation with the Republican 
leader on Thursday, December 5; further, that during Thursday's session 
of the Senate, at a time to be determined by the majority leader in 
consultation with the Republican leader, the Senate vote on the Johnson 
and Neary cloture motions in the order in which cloture was filed; 
further, that if cloture is invoked on any of the above nominations, 
all postcloture time be considered expired, the Senate vote on 
confirmation of the nominations at a time to be determined by the 
majority leader in consultation with the Republican leader no earlier 
than Monday, December 9; further, that the mandatory quorum calls for 
the above cloture motions be waived.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?
  Without objection, it is so ordered.








[Pages S6806-S6809]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                         Farewell to the Senate

  Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, first of all, I have to say, wouldn't 
you know I would get laryngitis, and for somebody who is in elected 
office, we know that that is not a good thing, so please bear with me; 
and I want to thank Chuck so much for his comments this morning and for 
being a dear friend.
  Today is bittersweet for me, standing here on the floor of the U.S. 
Senate, making my last speech--my last major speech.
  So many of my staff from Michigan have traveled to be here as well as 
staff members who have worked for me in DC over the years. I am truly 
overwhelmed that over 100 Michigan and DC staff are here in the 
Galleries and on the floor, and family and friends who were not able to 
fly in today are watching on C-SPAN.
  As we come back from Thanksgiving, I am filled with so much gratitude 
and respect as I think back over my years in public service. I am 
thinking about the incredible number of people who have supported me 
and contributed in so many ways to my success--from my family, my 
staff, my colleagues, and, of course, the people of Michigan who have 
put their trust in me for over 50 years--I started when I was 5--
  (Laughter.)
  --from Ingham County commissioner to State legislator to U.S. 
Senator.
  Michigan, you will always be in my heart. Today is about recognizing 
all of you.
  As some of you know, I lost my mom just a week ago. I suspect she is 
tuning in from Heaven's version of C-SPAN right now, watching me, 
listening, just as she has always been watching and supporting me my 
whole life. Mom not only lived a long life--98 years of age--but a rich 
and meaningful one. Her hard work, her kindness, her strength, and her 
loyalty were a true gift to me, to my brothers, to my children, to my 
whole family.
  There are always unsung heroes in every story, and I want to start 
with mine, and that is my family: my son Todd; my daughter Michelle; my 
daughter-in-law Sara; my son-in-law Scott; and my five incredibly 
talented and amazing grandchildren. They are the most talented 
grandchildren we have ever seen: Ari, Willow, Avery, Everett, and 
Violet.
  My mom and my kids have all appeared in many campaign ads over the 
years. Even my brothers, Lynn and Lee, starred in an acclaimed closing 
ad that caused me to beat an incumbent Republican to first be elected 
to the U.S. House.
  When my kids were young, they, too, broke down barriers. Todd was 
born when I was a county commissioner. Michelle was born when I was a 
State representative. It was a first in Michigan for a legislator to be 
pregnant and have a baby while in office. I remember a very pregnant me 
opening baby shower gifts in one of our statehouse committee rooms. 
Most of my male colleagues didn't know what to buy for a baby shower so 
I got a lot of stuffed animals.
  My family members have marched in countless parades, attended 
thousands of events with me, and planned birthday parties and holidays 
around the legislative calendar. They have sacrificed their time and, 
in many cases, their personal privacy. Through thick and thin, they 
have always been there for me, and I am incredibly grateful.
  I love you all so much.
  My family story has inspired my work as an elected official.
  I grew up in Clare, MI, where my mom was the director of nursing at 
our small rural hospital. This sparked my lifelong interest in 
healthcare. As a 24-year-old grad student at Michigan State University, 
I led an effort to save Ingham County's medical care facility from 
closure. It was the only nursing home that served low-income seniors at 
the time. I had never been involved in politics before, but I knew it 
was wrong to close that facility. We stopped the Ingham County Board of 
Commissioners from closing this critical service, and I was encouraged 
to run for county commissioner because I lived in the district of the 
commissioner who tried to close the nursing home. I ran against him. He 
called me ``that young broad'' and the young broad beat him and, as 
they say, the rest is ``herstory.''
  Healthcare remained a top priority for me from those early days to 
today. Today, I am proud and grateful that more people in America have 
access to home healthcare, to hospice services, and to lower 
prescription drug pricing, in part, because of my work. Medicare, 
Medicaid, and community health centers provide stronger foundations for 
care for millions of Americans.
  I was a new member of the Senate's Finance Committee when President 
Obama made healthcare reform his top priority. I was excited to be 
involved in every part of passing the Affordable Care Act, making sure 
that maternity care and mental health services and addiction treatment 
were all part of the new law. I spent a tremendous amount of time 
focusing on the affordability of the new healthcare system and was 
successful in bringing down the amount that individuals would have to 
pay for coverage. I considered it a badge of honor during the final 
vote in committee when then-Chairman Baucus turned to me and said: 
``Here we have Senator Affordability.''
  My first viral moment as an elected official on social media happened 
during the debate on the Affordable Care Act, and my great friend Amy 
Klobuchar has often told this story. When Senator Kyl from Arizona 
argued against including maternity care as basic coverage by stating 
that he did not need maternity care, I told him: ``Yes, but I bet your 
mom did.'' The public outcry that happened after that helped ensure to 
this day that maternity care is part of the Affordable Care Act.
  There has been no healthcare issue more profoundly influenced by my 
own family's life and experience than the issue of mental health. My 
father had a bipolar disorder that went undiagnosed for many years, 
like for so many people. Our lives were changed when the drug lithium 
became available, and my dad had the support he needed to manage his 
disease and move forward with his life. I saw what happened when 
someone did not get the help they needed, and I saw what happened when 
they did.
  This experience fueled my passion to reduce the stigma of mental 
health and mental illness, and as I have often said, we need to treat 
healthcare above the neck the same as healthcare below the neck. I 
worked on this issue in the early days of my career, chairing the 
Mental Health Committee in the Michigan House of Representatives. 
Later, I was honored to team up with Senator Roy Blunt for a 10-year 
effort to transform how we fund mental health and addiction services. 
This has been my passion and my most meaningful achievement.

[[Page S6807]]

  On the 50th anniversary of President Kennedy's signing of the 
Community Mental Health bill--the last bill he signed before his 
death--Senator Blunt and I introduced and spoke here on the Senate 
floor about our new legislation, the Excellence in Mental Health and 
Addiction Treatment Act.
  President Kennedy envisioned a world where people wouldn't be housed 
in asylums, as they were called at the time, but would get the 
treatment and the care they needed in their communities. The first part 
of his vision was implemented over the past 50 years--mental hospitals 
were closed--but the second half of it, that of creating comprehensive 
community care, never happened. Senator Blunt and I worked intensely 
over the past 10 years to make the second half of President Kennedy's 
vision a reality by creating comprehensive community behavioral health 
clinics, or CCBHCs, where clinics are funded as healthcare, not just 
through grants that stop and start.
  Now, because of our bipartisan efforts culminating in full funding in 
the Safer Communities Act, we are in the midst of creating 
comprehensive community-based care across the country, and I thank you, 
all of you, for your help--so many people here--for your leadership and 
help in making that happen. We now have more than 500 community 
behavioral health clinics providing care across the country, with more 
being created every day. Millions of people now have the dignity of 
receiving mental healthcare and addiction treatment in their 
communities instead of sitting in an emergency room or in a jail or 
sleeping on the street.
  The goal, of course, is to have every community in every State 
provide these critical healthcare services. I intend to continue to do 
everything I can to support your efforts to make sure this 
transformation is completed.
  I am forever grateful to the people of Michigan for the trust they 
have shown in me over these years. I have lived in Michigan my whole 
life, and I have viewed the work in DC as a commute to work, a long-
distance commute to work--not as long as from the west coast but a 
commute to work. I see everything through the eyes of Michiganders and 
our beautiful State.
  Our Great Lakes and our water are part of our Michigan DNA. 
Protecting our water has been my passion--from passing my very first 
bill in the Senate, which bans oil and gas drilling in the Great Lakes, 
to authoring the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. This landmark 
initiative has helped transform the health of our lakes and watersheds 
and will continue to do so in the future.
  Looking through the lens of Michigan again, I have understood that we 
don't have a strong economy unless somebody makes something and 
somebody grows something. For this reason, I have been a member of the 
Agriculture Committee at every level of government where I have served, 
both State and Federal, and I have been deeply involved in efforts to 
protect and expand American manufacturing, including the new clean 
energy revolution occurring in our country.
  It has been my privilege to put my stamp on our Nation's farm and 
food policy. I have frequently said that you can see Michigan on every 
page of the farm bills I have written. As the author of the specialty 
crop title in the farm bill, I am grateful that the full diversity of 
farms, small and large, are now reflected in our funding and our 
agriculture policies. I am so pleased that families across our country 
have access to healthy, locally grown foods through farmers' markets 
and urban agriculture and that our children can count on permanent 
funding for summer meals and other critical food assistance.
  I like to say that I suit up every day to fight for Michigan, and 
there is no truer statement than my work on behalf of Michigan workers 
and Michigan manufacturing. I am so proud to have championed the auto 
rescue in 2009, to have changed tax incentives to invest and make 
things in America, and toughened our laws to support American 
manufacturing. I know we have the best workers in the world, and I know 
also that Michigan--Michigan manufacturing--is well positioned to 
prosper in the future.
  I want to take a moment, of course, to thank all of you--all of my 
great, great colleagues on both sides of the aisle, both past and 
present. So many of you have been wonderful partners in getting things 
done, and I am so grateful for your friendship.
  I am especially grateful for my Michigan partners: first, the amazing 
Carl Levin and, now, my dear friend Gary Peters. I like to say we are 
the one-two punch for Michigan.
  As we all know, to be effective, it is not necessary to agree with 
someone on everything. In fact, I don't agree with anybody on 
everything. It is only necessary to agree on one thing, one problem 
that needs to be solved, and then agree on the way to solve the one 
thing. Then we look for another colleague across the aisle to work with 
on one thing. That is how positive change happens.
  We all realize, with all the incredible demands on our time and the 
constant additions and changes to our schedules, it is hard to find 
time to get to know each other on a personal level.
  Over the years, I have been so grateful for the bipartisan women 
Senators' dinners and the international travel that we have. It is so 
important. And playing Christmas carols on the piano at the Senate 
Prayer Breakfast is something I have thoroughly enjoyed. Exchanging 
stories about our families, our faith, our personal challenges has made 
a real difference.
  It has been a great honor for me to serve as a Member of the Senate 
Democratic leadership since 2005.
  I want to recognize Democratic leaders Tom Daschle and our dear Harry 
Reid, who were so supportive of me.
  I want to thank my great friend Senator Chuck Schumer and his 
extraordinary team--extraordinary team. Chuck loves the U.S. Senate, 
and he loves our country with every bone in his body. I am so 
appreciative of his leadership and tireless work and friendship.
  When I announced my retirement nearly 2 years ago, I said I was ready 
to pass the torch to a new generation of leaders. I couldn't be prouder 
to pass the torch to Michigan's new Senator-elect, Elissa Slotkin. I 
know she will have the heart and the talent for this job and will do 
great things for our State and our country.
  I thought long and hard about how to express my gratitude to the 
smartest, hard-working staff that I could ever have imagined. Truly, my 
success comes from their amazing efforts. Over 500 bright, talented 
professional staff have worked for me over the past 50 years--that is 
unbelievable--many of them for decades, and that doesn't include 
countless volunteers and interns.
  Interns are everywhere. There are staff everywhere.
  I want you to know how moved I am that so many of you took time to be 
here today or are tuning in on C-SPAN. You are much more than 
employees; you are family. I have watched many of you get married--
several times, thanks to our office--and watched your children grow up 
as well. You are truly my dear friends.
  You have raised the bar for the kind of service that people of 
Michigan should expect from their elected officials. You have been 
there for me personally through the best of times and through the rough 
patches as well. You have cared and persisted, and, together, we have 
achieved so much, whether it is policy changes or helping literally 
millions of Michiganders cut through the bureaucracy and solve a 
personal problem. I salute each and every one of you, and I thank you 
for your service to Michigan and our Nation.
  I am passing the torch to you because I know you will continue to 
care about people and public service and do great things. I could not 
have done this without you.
  As I close out, I want to acknowledge the important moment that we 
are in as a country. We all know there is great division promoted by so 
many who want to gain their own power at America's expense. Yet we have 
so much in common. We all love our children and want the same things 
for them to be successful. We all want safe communities and a chance to 
be rewarded for our hard work. We can heal the divide and work together 
if we just look for that one thing that we can agree on to make our 
lives better and get it done. And then we can look again for that one 
thing.
  If we don't let the haters divide us, we can rebuild trust with one 
another

[[Page S6808]]

and be the America we want to be. This is my hope and my prayer for all 
of us.
  As I begin this next chapter of my life, my heart is truly filled 
with gratitude.
  To my family, my colleagues, my staff, to the great people of 
Michigan, thank you, one and all, from the bottom of my heart. It has 
been an honor to serve you.
  Mr. BOOKER. Hear! Hear!
  (Applause.)
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Michigan.
  Mr. PETERS. Madam President, I rise today to honor my friend, my 
colleague, the senior Senator from the great State of Michigan, Debbie 
Stabenow.
  Throughout her entire career, Senator Stabenow has been an absolutely 
tireless advocate for our State and an unrelenting fighter for every 
single person living in Michigan. As a result, she is an absolutely 
beloved public servant in my State.
  Debbie's career in public service has been defined by her 
trailblazing accomplishments. It was 50 years ago this November--as 
Debbie mentioned, she was merely 5--but she was in graduate school at 
Michigan State University. I don't know how you did all of that, 
Debbie. But as she was a graduate student at Michigan State, she was 
first elected to serve on the Ingham County Commission. She went on to 
become both the first and the youngest woman to chair that commission.
  Debbie's career then took her to the Michigan Legislature, where she 
became the first woman to preside over the Michigan State House. After 
successful stints in the Michigan State Senate and U.S. House, she was 
elected to serve in the U.S. Senate in 2000. She made history once 
again, as the first woman to represent Michigan in the Senate.
  As soon as she arrived, Debbie hit the ground running. I think it is 
safe to say she never stopped running. She has always fought to make 
meaningful, positive change for our State, as well as for our entire 
country.
  The very first piece of legislation that she passed into law as a 
U.S. Senator banned oil and gas drilling in the Great Lakes. Her 
commitment to protecting and preserving the Great Lakes didn't stop 
there. In 2010, Senator Stabenow authored the Great Lakes Restoration 
Initiative. It is a landmark program that has literally transformed the 
health of the Great Lakes by helping to combat against invasive 
species, strengthen our wildlife habitats, and protect the entire Great 
Lakes watershed.
  For nearly a decade now, she has served as the cochair of the Great 
Lakes Task Force, delivering countless wins to ensure the lasting 
health of the Great Lakes for generations to come. I have been honored 
to work with her in those efforts.
  Debbie, of course, has also proudly served as chair of the 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee, a position that she has 
used to literally reimagine agriculture's role in American society. 
Under her leadership on that committee, she has not only made important 
progress on some of the issues most important to farmers across 
Michigan and the country; she has also used her post to address some of 
the most pressing issues of our time, from childhood hunger to climate 
change.
  Throughout the years, Senator Stabenow has led our Michigan 
delegation through immense challenges. In the face of the Flint water 
crisis, Debbie worked tirelessly to advocate for the people of Flint. 
Her drive and her determination guided our delegation as we fought for 
Congress to pass the funding needed to kick-start the Federal response 
to that tragic situation.
  Debbie was also the driving force behind the rescue of the U.S. 
automotive industry in 2008, helping our Michigan economy get on the 
road to long-term stability.
  Debbie knows that Michigan's workers are the best in the world, and 
her tireless efforts to create and protect thousands of good-paying 
jobs--union jobs--for Michiganders have bolstered the manufacturing 
renaissance that we are witnessing today all across our State.
  As an original author of the Affordable Care Act, Debbie helped make 
healthcare more affordable for Michigan families and helped pass major 
reforms to bring down the cost of prescription drugs for everyone.
  In particular, Debbie has long fought to ensure that our mental 
health receives the same focus and care that our physical health gets. 
Her efforts to expand access to mental health services not only ensure 
that people in Michigan and across the United States get the care they 
need, but her leadership has literally changed--and truly changed--how 
our Nation delivers mental health and addiction services. It is going 
to be a legacy that will live for generations to come.
  On a personal level, Senator Stabenow has been an absolutely 
invaluable mentor to me. When I joined her in representing Michigan in 
the Senate, she set an example for me of what leadership really means.
  Early on, Debbie instilled in me the most important idea that should 
guide our efforts as elected officials: to always work in a bipartisan 
way to get things done for the people that we care about.
  Debbie is kind, but she is also demanding and persistent at times, 
especially when it comes to fighting for people in Michigan. She will 
not take no for an answer when it comes to building consensus on the 
things that matter most to the folks that she so proudly represents. I 
think most of us in this Chamber have experienced that firsthand. If 
Debbie is pushing for an issue--something she cares about, something 
she knows is going to help people--and she gets you on the phone, you 
will not get off that phone without saying: Absolutely, Debbie, I will 
support you in that effort because it is important.
  Anyone who has had the privilege of working with Senator Stabenow 
knows that her enthusiasm and her optimism are contagious. The energy 
that she brings to work every day can motivate you and keep you working 
forward even when that going is very tough.
  But perhaps most importantly, Debbie Stabenow has served as a role 
model for countless young women. She has opened doors and inspired the 
next generation of public servants in Michigan and beyond, including 
the newly elected Senator from Michigan, Elissa Slotkin, who is in the 
Chamber with us here today.
  So as we bid farewell to her in the Senate, her legacy, I know, will 
live on for generations of elected officials, as well as amazing staff, 
that she has set an example for.
  A diehard Michigander, a dedicated public servant, a caring mother, 
and an absolutely delightful colleague, Debbie Stabenow has been a 
fearless leader for Michigan in the Senate, and there is absolutely no 
doubt that our State and our Nation are stronger because of her 
committed service.
  Debbie, it has been an honor. It has been an honor to serve alongside 
you. As you mentioned, we are the one-two punch for Michigan. It has 
been the privilege of my life. And I am extremely proud of everything 
that you have accomplished, and I look forward to seeing great things 
ahead for you and wish you Godspeed.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Minnesota.
  Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, as we saw Senator Peters' emotion 
about our dear friend, I saw that emotion well up in the eyes of so 
many of her staff, even before she started to speak, and I think that 
is because of the love that Debbie has engendered for so many years 
with this staff. And it is such a tribute to you, Debbie, that they 
came from all over the place to see you--from the past, from the 
present, from Michigan. So that is a lasting legacy.
  Another legacy I was thinking about is that incredible portrait in 
the Agriculture room--and I see Senator Smith, who sits in that room 
with me--of you surrounded by fruits and vegetables, as you should be. 
And it is the first portrait of any chair of the Agriculture Committee 
that is surrounded by fruits and vegetables, and that is a tribute to 
you because you got that done for America.
  I think about the persistence that Gary just spoke to, that 
persistence always with a smile, always with lipstick, always focused 
on getting things done. And that is something that I think, when a lot 
of us wake up and things are down, to remember that smile and how 
persistent you were to get those things done is something that will 
inspire all of us.

[[Page S6809]]

  And, as you mentioned, with Elissa Slotkin, this incredible new 
leader coming to the Senate, you made sure that your legacy carried on 
with her election. So we thank you for that.
  I have had the great privilege of watching you stand up firsthand in 
those Agriculture rooms and hearing rooms to stand up for nutrition 
like no one really has ever done before in a leadership position in 
that committee; how you have stood up for our farmers, yes, but also 
for the people that rely on getting that affordable food; your standing 
up for the autoworkers, I think, in the wayback zone, when you stood up 
at that horrible time for the industry and you were there for them; the 
investing in mental healthcare.
  You mentioned one of my favorite stories, and that story is, yes, 
rather hilarious because Debbie, I want you to picture, was one of the 
few, if not the only, women in the room, one of two--as the Presiding 
Officer knows, Debbie will be one phone call away to correct us on what 
we have to say; at any time, we know whom to call--one of two women in 
that room. And as the male Senator was saying, ``I don't know; I 
wouldn't need those benefits,'' it was Debbie who said, ``I bet your 
mother did.''
  And the point of that story was actually more than just the moment 
and that she got those benefits in; it was also that she was one of the 
first women in such a leadership role.
  There are a few here today, including Senator Murray. We think back 
to Senator Mikulski and others. But Debbie carried on that mantle, and 
she did it so well in leadership in the Senate and through her work 
chairing the committee.
  But we all know that her work didn't end in this place. She also led 
on agriculture and other issues worldwide. I will never forget that she 
led the first all-women's trip to Africa, and we made stops in Senegal 
and Ethiopia and Tanzania.
  And in my closing story here, if you remember, Senator Stabenow, the 
woman in Ethiopia, the farmer. She had a little plot of--she was 
raising teff, and she was alone. Her husband had died, and she was 
raising a number of kids by herself. And she had become a leader on 
sanitation for the area, and she had this little graph up on the wall, 
provided by one of our foundations, that showed her hut in the middle 
with a star on it.
  And we were all asking these Senator-like questions about her crops 
and about her challenges of the walking 2 hours to fill the water every 
single day. And finally someone asked: What is your biggest challenge?
  And here is this woman in this little hut with only one solar panel, 
walking 2 hours every day, and she says: Challenges? And she points to 
this chart of her hut and says: I have no challenges. I am a leader.
  Debbie Stabenow is a leader, and she has gotten through a lot in the 
early days of women getting elected to these jobs. To be able to get 
here in the first place and then to be able to rise to where she is has 
been an incredible tribute to her perseverance, to her incredible 
staff, and to the people of Michigan.
  We thank you, Debbie. We know you are only going to be a phone call 
away. And for those of us on the Ag Committee, all we have to do is 
look up and see your smiling face among those fruits and vegetables. 
Thank you for your service.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Cortez Masto). The Senator from Michigan.








[Pages S6809-S6810]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                      Tribute to Teresa Plachetka

  Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, there is one more thing that I would 
like to do. And I want to thank so many people for their kind words--so 
many ``kinds'' today. I am so grateful for that. But I have one more 
really important thing that I want to do before I relinquish the 
microphone this afternoon, and that is to honor a true public servant, 
my longtime State director and dearest friend, Teresa Plachetka.
  I am going to start with a bold statement. And, by the way, Teresa 
has been with me for 42 years--42, not 24--42 years. And I want to 
start by making a bold statement: There is no one who has done more for 
the people of the State of Michigan and for Team Stabenow than Teresa 
Plachetka.
  The first time I met Teresa, I was in my first term in the Michigan 
State House. She was my first graduate student intern. She graduated, 
and I hired her as my first policy staffer in 1982 for the State house 
mental health committee. She has been at my side ever since for every 
decision, big and small, for 42 years.
  I just gave my farewell speech on the floor, and it is so fitting 
that Teresa is here because what a journey this has been. We all have 
policy experts and communications experts and experts to run our 
campaigns and experts in technology, but I am not sure anyone else has 
all of those skills in one person. I got her. She is truly one of a 
kind.
  I have been trying to think of the right words or the right stories 
to sum up our time together but realized: How can you possibly 
summarize almost 42 years of history and friendship? Maybe we can start 
with a variation on a very simple phrase: Did you talk to Teresa? Go 
talk to Teresa. Or what does Teresa think? Or have we asked Teresa?
  These are familiar phrases in my office and have been for decades, 
not just from the team but from me. Whether it is taking the 
temperature on an issue in Michigan, getting the history of what we 
have done in the past, or just checking in, the team and I have always 
known we needed to get her gut check on everything we did. That is how 
vital she is and has been for us. I can't think of any issue during our 
time together where she didn't have critical input.
  Because of that, the Stabenow team, me, and the State of Michigan 
have been the beneficiaries of her knowledge, her creativity, and her 
gut instincts for decades--solving problems, making people's lives 
better every day.
  Since these jobs are often so intense and incredibly stressful and 
time consuming, as we know, you might be asking yourself: How on Earth 
has Teresa been so successful for all this time?
  Where do I begin?
  Well, first, she is a brilliant political strategist who stays calm 
under pressure. During my first Senate campaign, almost no one believed 
we could win. In fact, pretty much everyone thought I should have 
stayed in the House and waited my turn, but not Teresa. We were down 9 
points heading into Labor Day, but we had a strategy, and Teresa never 
wavered in her belief that we could win. And we stuck to it, and we 
knew it was a winning strategy, and we won.
  In every tough situation--the auto rescue, the Flint water crisis, 
September 11, COVID, multiple elections--Teresa kept calm under 
pressure and helped us pick the right strategy to be effective and get 
things done.
  Multiple staffers over the years have said she has taught them how to 
approach a tough situation. Like I said before, during all of these 
moments, the most asked question was always: What does Teresa think? 
And how would Teresa handle this?
  That is how she has kept us all focused on the task at hand.
  That extended no further than the communications coming out of our 
office each and every day. I know that there are a few staff--the press 
staffers right now--that are here or watching from home that remember 
and may be twitching at the thought of Teresa's red edits on their 
draft releases.
  But Teresa had a phrase which went, ``People assume your only 
priorities are the ones you are currently talking about.'' That phrase 
has been burned into the memory of just about every team member we have 
had over the years. It sounds simple, but sticking to it is so very 
hard at a time when so much is happening in our State and our country. 
It is also what has kept us all focused on message. And, most 
importantly, it has reminded us that in the end, for us, it is all 
about Michigan.
  Teresa made certain that Michigan was at the heart of everything we 
did, and that started with our State team--from scheduling multiday 
tours across the State to ensuring every constituent case, piece of 
mail, or phone call was responded to with respect. Teresa ran the State 
operation like a Swiss--or we would say Shinola--watch.
  Our regional managers were literally everywhere. In fact, there 
wasn't a time when I would walk through an airport where someone 
wouldn't come up to me and thank our team for attending an event, 
answering their email, or helping them get something

[[Page S6810]]

done. I wish Teresa could have been there for all of those thank-yous 
because she was the one that made it all work.
  So what is her secret sauce? Well, as we know, it is all about 
systems. Teresa is known for being incredibly organized and developing 
the systems that have made the office run. If she sees a problem or 
something that can be done better, she works with the team to find a 
better way to accomplish the goal. It could be something small, such as 
changing the days of staff calls so the week and information flow work 
better, to organizing huge, effective appropriations processes every 
single year.
  If there is a system in our office that works well, it was Teresa 
that created it and made it work. If it didn't work well, then that 
staffer probably didn't check with Teresa.
  During the pandemic, she regularly solicited feedback on what was 
working and what was not. She also took time to stop and ask important 
questions like: What did we learn from how we worked during the 
pandemic, and how should the office adapt going forward? Instead of 
just working in the same way we had before the pandemic, Teresa made 
sure our office adapted.
  Some of these systems are so infamous that when staff have 
transitioned to new jobs, the No. 1 thing we hear is that these places 
don't have nearly the level of efficient organizing and that Teresa 
would be mortified by the lack of systems.
  Teresa also knew then in order for all of this to work, we had to be 
a team. Teresa genuinely cares about the people she works with. Over 
the last few weeks, as I have been thinking about this speech, our team 
couldn't say enough about how Teresa supports them both professionally 
and personally. The best part of it all, despite all she has 
accomplished, Teresa doesn't take herself too seriously. Her sense of 
humor and levity helps keep things going.
  She always made it a priority that the DC and State staff were 
connected as one team, making sure DC staff came to Michigan often and 
got to know their counterparts and were not afraid to pick up the 
phone, talk through an issue, and work together.
  One of her tools for keeping us all together was our infamous staff 
retreats in Michigan. Teresa spent hours making sure every detail was 
just right; that we had a goal and a purpose for getting together, as 
well as having some fun.
  Whether it was one of our staple boat cruises to ensure we 
experienced our Great Lakes to a few acting sessions where the very 
best Debbie Stabenow impression was made--while I was gone, by the 
way--Teresa organized all of it.
  A common discussion in our office is what everyone's favorite staff 
retreat was over the years and swapping stories from gatherings. While 
they are difficult and a pain to organize, especially as the team got 
larger and larger, I know she loved showing everyone what ``Pure 
Michigan'' really means. Whether it is our food, our water, our wine, 
our beer, or a freezing cold boat cruise, Teresa always lit up when the 
team was back in Michigan.
  So let me just say--as you can see, I could go on and on about 
Teresa, but I want to end by saying the biggest thank you possible. I 
know her wonderful husband Geoff, her kids, Zach and Rachel, and 
grandkids, Oliver, Ellie, and Valerie, are watching from Michigan and 
are incredibly proud of her. I know our team is here, too, watching 
from the Gallery and watching from home and they, too, are so 
incredibly proud to have served with Teresa.
  Maybe the word I am thinking of right now that sums it up is 
``legacy.'' Teresa's legacy for our staff and for the State of Michigan 
will be felt for many, many years to come. Together, we experienced 
more than either of us probably thought was ever possible, forgotten 
more amazing stories than we would like to admit--and we will keep some 
of the stories between just us. It has truly been a lifetime of 
memories and friendship.
  Teresa, I can't thank you enough for being by my side through this 
amazing journey and for being with me these final days in the U.S. 
Senate. We said we would run through the tape together, and I am really 
grateful we have.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Hawaii.
  Mr. SCHATZ. I ask unanimous consent I be permitted to speak for up to 
4 minutes and Senator Kennedy be permitted to speak for up to 30 
minutes prior to the scheduled vote.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.








[Page S6810]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                            Leonard Peltier

  Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, as President Biden considers candidates 
for clemency in the final weeks of his term, the Native American 
activist Leonard Peltier is among those who deserve grace and mercy.
  Peltier was arrested in 1975 for his alleged involvement in the 
murder of two FBI agents in a shootout on the Pine Ridge Reservation in 
South Dakota. But the process that led to his conviction had major 
issues and inaccuracies from the start.
  For example, one witness whose statements were used at trial said she 
was told to lie and say that she was in a relationship with Peltier and 
that she had witnessed him shoot the agents. She later recanted that 
statement saying:

       I was forced into this, and I feel very awful. I just wish 
     that Leonard Peltier would get out of prison.

  In another instance, according to reporting, a juror who, on day two 
of the trial, professed her prejudice against Native Americans was 
allowed to remain on the panel.
  If that wasn't enough, take it from the very U.S. attorney who tried 
the case. The prosecutor who tried the case, James Reynolds, said 
Peltier had served his sentence on ``the basis of minimal evidence, a 
result that I strongly doubt would be upheld in any court today.'' In 
the same letter, Reynolds urged President Biden to commute Peltier's 
sentence, writing:

       I write today from a position rare for a former prosecutor. 
     To beseech you to commute the sentence of a man who I helped 
     put behind bars. With time, and the benefit of hindsight, I 
     have realized that the prosecution and continued 
     incarceration of Mr. Peltier was and is unjust. We were not 
     able to prove that Mr. Peltier personally committed any 
     offense on the Pine Ridge Reservation.

  Peltier is now 80 years old and has been in prison for 50 years. He 
is in declining health, experiencing vision loss and other illnesses. 
And in spite of all that, earlier this year, Federal officials denied 
his request for compassionate release and parole.
  And so even if you believe that he did, in fact, commit the crime, 
surely now, the time is now to let him spend whatever remaining days he 
has at home to die with his family. He has done his time. He is of old 
age and in poor health. This is what clemency is for. This is what 
mercy is for. He poses little threat to society.
  If there was ever a case that merited compassionate release, Leonard 
Peltier's is it. This is exactly what this awesome Presidential power 
is for--to right a historic wrong. And if not that, then just to show 
mercy and let an old man die with his family.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Louisiana.
  Mr. KENNEDY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to use a prop 
during my remarks.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.








[Pages S6810-S6812]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                           U.S. Savings Bonds

  Mr. KENNEDY. I am going to try not to use my full time, Madam 
President.
  It has become in vogue in Washington to talk about government waste, 
and I am glad. I think that is a good thing. It has become in vogue to 
talk about inefficiencies and reducing spending, and I think that is a 
good thing.
  I remember when I first got here back in 2017, one of my early 
Appropriations Committee meetings. I was green as a gourd. We had just 
passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I thought to myself, you know, we are 
going to run some deficits for a while because we just cut taxes.
  And there was an item in the budget for, I think, a 3- or 4-percent 
automatic pay raise for our Federal employees. They get it every year. 
I am not saying they don't deserve it. A lot of people deserve more 
money. I never heard anybody around this place stand up and say: I have 
a bad idea, and I need money for it. It is always a great idea. So I am 
not begrudging Federal employees.

[[Page S6811]]

  But I told my colleagues: You know, if we are going to run deficits, 
maybe we ought to skip the pay raise this year. And I made a motion.
  I remember some of my colleagues looked at me like I had a sexually 
transmitted disease or something. I mean, I made this motion, and I 
didn't think it was that big a deal. I got--I don't know how many 
members on the Appropriations Committee there are--35, 40. I got two 
votes. Everybody else suddenly had an important message on their phone.
  So I learned a good lesson. I like to say my mother didn't raise a 
fool, and if she did, it was one of my brothers. But I was a fool then. 
But I am glad things have changed, and I hope we follow through.
  Now, government waste takes many forms. But I will tell you one form. 
It is the purest form. It is when the Federal Government has taxpayer 
money and it doesn't belong to the Federal Government, but the Federal 
Government refuses to give it back. And that is the case we have in the 
Department of Treasury.
  I don't want to be too hard on my friends at Treasury because they 
have come around. It has taken 8 years, but they have come around. The 
Department of Treasury is holding 95 million--not 950,000--95 million 
unredeemed and fully matured savings bonds.
  I will explain what that means in a second.
  The value is $38 billion. Now, there are only 335 million Americans. 
So this is probably not realistic, but if one unredeemed bond--if you 
assess one unredeemed bond to one individual American, that is 30 
percent of our country.
  What is a matured, unredeemed savings bond? A savings bond, as you 
probably know, is just a loan to the government. That is all it is. You 
want to invest your money, and you want to help the government. Say you 
want to--in World War II, we sold a lot of bonds to help pay for World 
War II. You say, give money to the government, and over a long period 
of time--usually 20 or 30 years, sometimes 10 to 15--at the end, you 
will get back money, plus interest.
  It is not like a regular bond where you get quarterly interest 
payments. You give your money to the Federal Government. The Federal 
Government takes your name and address. You get a piece of paper. And 
at the end of however long of a bond you buy--say, 20 years--you get 
back your principal, plus interest.
  A good example is--there are all types of savings bonds, and I don't 
want to get too far down in the weeds. But let's take an EE U.S. 
savings bond. Suppose I buy one. I go to the Federal Government, I give 
the Federal Government $200. They take my name; they take my address; 
they give me a sheet of paper. They used to give you an actual bond. 
They don't do that anymore. I say, great, I just invested 200 bucks. In 
20 years, I can go back to the Federal Government, and they will give 
me 400 bucks--my original 200 bucks, plus the interest. It is a great 
deal. It used to be parents would buy savings bonds for their children. 
And during World War II, the government financed part of the war 
selling savings bonds.
  There is just one problem with this scenario. I have known this for a 
long time. The Federal Government has 95 million--$38 billion worth of 
savings bonds over at Treasury. They have the names, and they have the 
addresses of all of these people. And the people who are owed that 
money, many of them are dead. But when those bonds matured, they didn't 
come get their money. You say: Well, that is OK. If you gave them $200, 
it will just keep earning interest. No, it won't. It becomes interest-
free. If I buy a 20-year bond, at the end of 20 years, if I don't come 
get my principal and my interest, I don't get any extra interest.
  For a long time, the Department of Treasury has had the names of 
these 95 million people or their heirs, and it totals $38 billion.
  So, naive as I was, I went to the Department of Treasury and said: We 
need to give this money back to people. What is the problem? You have 
got names. You have got addresses.
  After a while, you didn't have to be Einstein's cousin to figure out 
they weren't going to cooperate.
  Now, finally, I got--I want to give him full credit--I got Secretary 
Mnuchin's attention. I mean, I understand Steve was busy. It wasn't a 
priority. But he directed his people to cooperate with me, and some of 
them did, and some of them didn't.
  Then President Trump got defeated, and Secretary Yellen came in. 
Secretary Yellen--she tried to help, but multiple people opposed my 
idea.
  So I finally just went and passed a bill. I passed the Unclaimed 
Savings Bond Act--and I want to thank President Biden for signing it--
directing Treasury to give people's money back. I mean, how hard can 
this be?
  Well, after I passed the law, I went to see the folks over there, and 
they said: Well, there is a problem we didn't tell you about. All of 
these records, these names and addresses, are in storage, and they have 
to be digitized. They are just a mess, OK. They have to be digitized.
  I said: OK.
  I went and got money put in the budget to digitize the records, and 
we have done that. About 97 percent of them have been digitized.
  Then Treasury said: You know, it is not really our job to go look for 
people. We can put up a toll-free number.
  I said: Here is what we will do. I want you to cooperate with the 
States. Every State has an unclaimed property program.
  What is unclaimed property? When a business or government--supposed 
to be the case--has your money and they can't find you, they can't keep 
it. If you go rent an apartment, for example, and put down a $1,000 
deposit and you move, that apartment owner is not supposed to keep your 
$1,000. That apartment owner is supposed to turn it over to the State 
treasurer and the--all State treasurers do a wonderful job. They put 
your name on a website, and people can go and look it up and see if 
they have money.
  Every State has an unclaimed property program. I mean, it is old bank 
accounts; it is stocks; it is bonds; it is mutual funds; it is 
royalties, royalty payments; it is health insurance proceeds; it is old 
tax refunds. Every treasurer--you can go to their website and put in 
your name or a friend's name and check to see if they have money.
  When I was State treasurer, I had a program--it is a long story--when 
I was State treasurer and even before then, when I was a State tax 
collector, we returned about $400 million to people in Louisiana.
  So there is an infrastructure set up. Treasury doesn't have to do a 
thing--not a damn thing. Again, I want to give Secretary Mnuchin and 
Secretary Yellen full credit because they have been great, but it has 
been hard to get some of their people up off their ice-cold, lazy 
butts. But we passed the law, we got the records digitized, and my 
purpose of being here today is to try to tell folks after 8 years, we 
are--this summer, in about 6 months, we are going to take all those 
digital records, names and addresses, and they are going to be sent to 
the State treasurer in every State. The State treasurers are anxious to 
put names and addresses on their websites. They already publicized 
their programs. They are going to encourage their people to go to their 
State's website, and if they have an unredeemed, matured savings bond 
or, more likely, their mom or dad did or even their grandmother and 
they can prove that they are the child or the grandchild, as the case 
may be, they can get the money. They can get the money.
  I know some folks at Treasury are upset about me. They loved having 
$38 billion of taxpayer money sitting there on the books that they can 
use. But it is not right. You can call it waste if you want to. You can 
call it inefficiency if you want to. I don't care what you call it--it 
is not right.
  So, this summer, I will be back to tell you when we turn the program 
on, but we are going to send 95 million names out to every State 
treasury in the Union, and they are going to start giving this money 
back. I hope all people have to do is go to a website and check their 
name, and the treasurer will take it from there.
  I want to thank Secretary Yellen and I want to thank Secretary 
Mnuchin for working with me on this. I want to thank President Biden, 
and I want to thank President Trump. I want to

[[Page S6812]]

thank the people at Treasury who cooperated. I am sorry those who made 
it so difficult did, but we finally got it done.
  So thank you. I think I did that quicker than 30 minutes.
  With that, I either yield to Senator Durbin--well, he doesn't want to 
speak.
  I yield the floor.








[Page S6812]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                             CLOTURE MOTION

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before 
the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

                             Cloture Motion

       We, the undersigned Senators, in accordance with the 
     provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, 
     do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomination 
     of Executive Calendar No. 844, Sarah Morgan Davenport, of New 
     Mexico, to be United States District Judge for the District 
     of New Mexico.
         Charles E. Schumer, Richard J. Durbin, Tammy Duckworth, 
           Ben Ray Lujan, Patty Murray, Alex Padilla, Peter Welch, 
           Jeff Merkley, Richard Blumenthal, Amy Klobuchar, 
           Christopher A. Coons, Debbie Stabenow, Robert P. Casey, 
           Jr., Elizabeth Warren, Margaret Wood Hassan, Jack Reed, 
           Tim Kaine.

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous consent, the mandatory quorum 
call has been waived.
  The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the 
nomination of Sarah Morgan Davenport, of New Mexico, to be United 
States District Judge for the District of New Mexico, shall be brought 
to a close?
  The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll.
  Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. 
Manchin), the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema), and the Senator from 
Michigan (Mr. Stabenow) are necessarily absent.
  Mr. THUNE. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator 
from Ohio Mr. Vance and the Senator from Missouri Mr. Wicker.
  The yeas and nays resulted--yeas 50, nays 45, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 313 Ex.]

                                YEAS--50

     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Booker
     Brown
     Butler
     Cantwell
     Cardin
     Carper
     Casey
     Collins
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gillibrand
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Helmy
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murkowski
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schumer
     Shaheen
     Smith
     Tester
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden

                                NAYS--45

     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Braun
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Kennedy
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     Moran
     Mullin
     Paul
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Romney
     Rounds
     Rubio
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tillis
     Tuberville
     Young

                             NOT VOTING--5

     Manchin
     Sinema
     Stabenow
     Vance
     Wicker
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Hassan). On this vote, the yeas are 50, 
the nays are 45.
  The motion is agreed to.

                          ____________________








[Page S6812]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                       Vote on Coombe Nomination

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the question is, 
Will the Senate advise and consent to the Coombe nomination?
  Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?
  There appears to be a sufficient second.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The legislative clerk called the roll.
  Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema) is 
necessarily absent.
  Mr. THUNE. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator 
from North Dakota (Mr. Cramer) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Vance).
  Further, if present and voting: the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. 
Cramer) would have voted ``nay.''
  The result was announced--yeas 52, nays 45, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 312 Ex.]

                                YEAS--52

     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Booker
     Brown
     Butler
     Cantwell
     Cardin
     Carper
     Casey
     Collins
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gillibrand
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Helmy
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Manchin
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murkowski
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schumer
     Shaheen
     Smith
     Stabenow
     Tester
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden

                                NAYS--45

     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Braun
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Kennedy
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     Moran
     Mullin
     Paul
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Romney
     Rounds
     Rubio
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tillis
     Tuberville
     Wicker
     Young

                             NOT VOTING--3

     Cramer
     Sinema
     Vance
  The nomination was confirmed.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ossoff). Under the previous order, the 
motion to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table, and 
the President will be immediately notified of the Senate's action.

                          ____________________








[Page S6812]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                 Nomination of Elizabeth Cheryl Coombe

  Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, today, the Senate will vote to confirm 
Elizabeth Cheryl Coombe to the U.S. District Court for the Northern 
District of New York.
  Born in Ridgewood, NJ, Ms. Coombe earned her A.B. from Hamilton 
College in 1989 and her J.D. from the University of Michigan Law School 
in 1992.
  After graduating from law school, she clerked for the Honorable Diana 
E. Murphy on the United States District Court for the District of 
Minnesota.
  Ms. Coombe began her public service career as a staff attorney at the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission from 1994 to 1996. There, she 
focused on the investigation of the National Association of Securities 
Dealers, Inc., and of abusive market making activities in the Nasdaq 
Market.
  From 1996 to 1997, she worked as a trial attorney in the Civil 
Division, Commercial Litigation Branch, National Courts Section at the 
U.S. Department of Justice.
  Then, between 1998 and 2003, Ms. Coombe served as an assistant U.S. 
attorney (AUSA) in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of 
Columbia.
  Since 2003, Ms. Coombe has held several roles of increasing 
responsibility in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District 
of New York, including as: AUSA; team leader and Plattsburg office 
supervisor; deputy criminal chief; criminal chief; and most recently as 
first assistant U.S. attorney. In her current role, she oversees all 
criminal, civil, and appellate litigation conducted by more than 50 
attorneys throughout the district.
  Throughout her 30-year public service career, Ms. Coombe has tried 
approximately 19 cases before a jury and 20 bench trials.
  The American Bar Association rated Ms. Coombe as ``well qualified,'' 
and her nomination is strongly supported by her home State Senators, 
Mr. Schumer and Mrs. Gillibrand.
  With more than 20 years of experience serving as a Federal prosecutor 
in the Northern District of New York, Ms. Coombe is well-positioned to 
continue her service to the district on the Federal bench.
  I am proud to support her nomination.








[Pages S6812-S6813]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                           EXECUTIVE CALENDAR

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination.
  The legislative clerk read the nomination of Sarah Morgan Davenport, 
of New Mexico, to be United States District Judge for the District of 
New Mexico.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from California.

[[Page S6813]]

  

                          ____________________








[Pages S6813-S6814]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





                FEDERAL DISASTER TAX RELIEF ACT OF 2023

  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Committee on Finance be discharged from 
further consideration of H.R. 5863 and the Senate proceed to its 
immediate consideration.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (H.R. 5863) to provide tax relief with respect to 
     certain Federal disasters.

  There being no objection, the committee is discharged and the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill.
  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill 
be considered read a third time.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The bill was ordered to a third reading and was read a third time.
  Mr. PADILLA. I know of no further debate on the bill.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the bill?
  Hearing none, the bill having been read a third time, the question 
is, Shall the bill pass?
  The bill (H.R. 5863) was passed.
  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion 
to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I thank you for that.
  For the folks watching at home, we just passed a significant disaster 
tax bill, which is critical to helping disaster survivors across the 
country, and it includes bipartisan legislation that I introduced, 
along with Senator Wyden and Senator Cassidy.
  Our Protect Innocent Victims Of Taxation After Fire Act would make 
sure that individuals, families, and entire communities who have 
suffered from utility-caused wildfires can receive the full 
compensation to rebuild their lives without fear that their settlement 
payments will be subject to taxes.
  In my home State of California, over 70,000 people have been impacted 
by the destruction of the Butte fire, the North Bay fire, and the Camp 
fire in recent years.
  Now, if you can imagine when you are wading through the ashes of your 
former home and thinking about how you can possibly begin to rebuild, 
the last thing you should have to worry about is that the government is 
going to tax the payment from your legal settlement that already fails 
to cover the full cost of your losses in the first place.
  Disaster settlement funds aren't income. It is not an asset. It is 
compensation for what a family has lost. It is meant to be an 
opportunity to begin to rebuild your life--an opportunity that should 
not be diminished because our Tax Code is outdated.
  And it is not just for my constituents--my constituents looking to 
rebuild--utility-caused fires are becoming increasingly common across 
the Western United States. This bill we just passed would make sure 
that all recent and future wildfire victims throughout the country have 
access to their full settlements. That includes those in Oregon and 
Hawaii who have either reached settlements or are still working through 
the process with the utilities that caused devastating wildfires.
  This measure is a commonsense, bipartisan solution to protect 
Americans at the most difficult time in their lives.
  I want to take a moment to thank Senator Cassidy and Senator Wyden 
for their partnership, as well as my California colleagues in the 
House, Representatives   Mike Thompson and Doug LaMalfa, for their 
leadership on the issue in that Chamber. I look forward to seeing the 
President sign this bill into law as soon as possible.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.
  Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, while he is on the floor, let me thank 
Senator Padilla for our partnership, these many months, and also to 
Senator Cassidy. And we Westerners have really strong views about this 
because the fires of the West today are not your grandfather's fires. 
They are bigger. They are hotter. They are more powerful. They are 
leaping over rivers. And the families that my colleague and I are 
talking about feel like they have been hit by a wrecking ball.
  And after getting clobbered, they are saying to themselves, why can't 
I get a fair shake from the government? Why are they hitting me again, 
even though I don't have any income--as my colleague has said so well. 
These are people who have truly been visited by a disaster. Their homes 
and their businesses are burned. Their possessions and livelihood are 
gone.
  And finally, the Federal Government is showing some common sense. 
That is what my friend from California has spelled out. Our effort is 
going to lift a big tax burden off these victims of wildfires and other 
natural disasters. We are getting rid of a totally unfair tax on legal 
fees associated with settlements after disasters. And by the way, we 
are fixing something that went haywire in the Republican's 2017 tax 
bill.
  Now, we have been pushing our colleagues in a bipartisan way for 
months to do a bill that addresses this and other issues. I see in the 
Chair another very valuable member of the Finance Committee, our friend 
from New Hampshire Senator Hassan. And she and I and others had a bill 
that got 357 votes in the House of Representatives that included this 
important legislation that Senator Padilla and Senator Cassidy and I 
have worked on.
  I told my colleague that we had our 1,100th townhall meeting where 
the victims came and said: Ron, will it ever get done?
  And I said: You bet it is going to get done. It is going to get done 
in the lameduck session.
  They said: Why hasn't it happened earlier?
  And the reality is, it should have happened earlier because you don't 
get 357 votes very often over there in the House of Representatives. It 
doesn't happen by osmosis. It is because my colleagues here are working 
in a bipartisan way and wanted to get this done.
  So, we wanted, frankly, to do more. We wanted to do it earlier. But I 
say to my colleagues that we are going to keep going on the things from 
that package that got 357 votes in the House, like research and 
development expensing, which our friend from New Hampshire has 
championed, and ending double taxation between the U.S. and Taiwan.
  But tonight, is an evening when Senator Padilla and I have said, 
finally, after all this waiting, we are going to see relief for these 
people who have been clobbered by these huge infernos--because that is 
the only way to describe our fires, Senator Padilla. These are 
infernos. It gets hot and dry on the forest floor. Somebody drops a 
match, maybe there is a lightning strike. Kaboom--and those people are 
finally tonight, through the work that has been done by my friend from 
California, and our friend from Louisiana, and a lot of Senators--
Senator Schatz is another example--we are going to be able to tell 
folks in the West--it is only 5 o'clock or so in California and 
Oregon--who have been hit by these big fires, they are going to be able 
to go to bed tonight with a little relief that the Federal Government 
has finally come to its senses and made sure that they are not going to 
have this additional tax burden.
  So, I want to thank my friend from California for his good work. He 
has been a terrific partner. I think it is very fitting that the 
Senator from New Hampshire is in the Chair because she, more than 
anybody than I know of on our committee, was really putting in the 
sweat equity for a bipartisan bill.
  This is a good night for the people that we represent in the West. It 
is a good night for a lot of other people in this country. And I want 
to thank my colleague and the person who has led us on so many of these 
issues from New Hampshire, Senator Hassan, because we are finally 
getting justice and a fair shake for people who did nothing wrong who 
have been visited by these fires and these disasters.
  And the Federal Government is showing some common sense, which most 
of them, I think, would agree should have been shown quite some time 
ago. I thank my friend.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Louisiana.
  Mr. CASSIDY. Madam President, I rise in support of the Federal 
Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2024.

[[Page S6814]]

  Three years after Hurricane Ida and months after Hurricane Francine 
hit Louisiana, communities are still recovering, and every bit we give 
helps. This bill allows Hurricanes Ida and Francine victims and other 
victims of natural disasters elsewhere in the country to deduct 
qualified disaster-related personal casualty losses from their income, 
even when above the standard deduction.
  This is not new, and this is not novel. We have done it before. I led 
legislation to help the victims of Hurricane Laura and for those 
impacted by the great floods of 2016.
  By the Senate passing the bill tonight, the bill will go to the 
President's desk to be signed into law, cutting taxes for Louisiana 
families who will use this money to rebuild. It goes without saying, we 
only have to look at North Carolina to say what an impact this can have 
elsewhere in the country.
  We have to recognize that if a family wants to rebuild, we can give 
them a Federal handout, or we can say: Use your own resources.
  And these are their own resources. The American people have always 
been there to help whoever has had a natural disaster. We in Louisiana 
have benefited. We in Louisiana will always help others.
  With that, I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from California.


                     Tribute to Laphonza R. Butler

  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I also rise today with the bittersweet 
task of saying farewell to my trusted partner for the State of 
California, Senator Laphonza Butler, as her tenure here in the Senate 
with us comes to end in the coming days.
  You may recall that just over a year ago, Senator Butler was 
appointed to serve alongside me here in the U.S. Senate. I remember it 
vividly. In just a matter of days, she received a call from Governor 
Newsom, accepted the appointment, traveled to Washington to take the 
oath of office, and introduced herself to the Nation.
  That alone is a tall task for anyone--imagine--to be called upon on 
such short notice to serve a State of nearly 40 million people--but it 
is another thing entirely to be asked to also, in the process, fill the 
shoes of the legendary Senator Dianne Feinstein, a titan of California 
politics and the U.S. Senate, who served with such honor and dignity 
and grace for over three decades, not to mention that she carried on 
her shoulders the fate of a narrow Senate Democratic majority. It 
literally rested on her appointment and willingness to serve. But as I 
think back and reflect on that moment in her decision to say yes, it 
takes a trailblazer to fill the seat of a trailblazer.
  And Laphonza Butler was certainly no stranger to high stakes. She 
knew it and proved it as a union organizer, fighting for workers all 
across the Nation; she knew it as the onetime president of California's 
SEIU Local 2015, representing members of California's largest home care 
and nursing home workers union; and she knew it as president of EMILY's 
List--all leadership positions that she held prior to joining us here 
in the Senate. So once she did join us here in the Senate, it was no 
surprise to me that she hit the ground running. She immediately set up 
an office and built a team of more than capable and passionate public 
servants who would help her and my office, frankly--we are a tag team, 
after all--serve the people of California.
  Imagine, as she began to navigate the complex Senate procedures to 
effectively represent Californians, she was also learning, in the early 
days, how to simply navigate the halls of the U.S. Capitol--with the 
help of the legendary Alex Baldonado, I might add.
  I was honored to serve alongside her here in the Senate, to offer her 
advice when I could and even lend staff assistance. In the year that 
has followed, I have been proud to work with her, nominating and 
confirming historic judicial nominees to the Federal bench, fighting 
for critical disaster funding for Californians in the relief we just 
passed a few minutes ago, working to protect and conserve our cherished 
public lands, and so much more.
  Through it all, Senator Butler worked to also lift up the voices of 
all Californians, including through her Youth Advisory Council, 
empowering young Californians to get involved in the civic process.
  So, Senator Butler, let the Record reflect that it has been an honor 
to serve alongside you these past 14 months. While we will miss you 
here in the U.S. Senate, I know that your work is far from over and 
that our partnership will continue. I have no doubt that I will see you 
in the trenches.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from California.

                          ____________________








[Page S6814]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          LEGISLATIVE SESSION

                                 ______
                                 

                            MORNING BUSINESS

  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business, 
with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6814-S6815]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        ARMS SALES NOTIFICATIONS

  Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control 
Act requires that Congress receive prior notification of certain 
proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, 
the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be 
reviewed. The provision stipulates that, in the Senate, the 
notification of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the 
Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
  In keeping with the committee's intention to see that relevant 
information is still available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the Record the notifications that have been 
received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such 
an annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign 
Relations Committee, room SD-423.
  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in 
the Record, as follows:

                                                  Defense Security


                                           Cooperation Agency,

                                                   Washington, DC.
     Hon. Benjamin L. Cardin,
     Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, 
         Washington, DC.
       Dear Mr. Chairman: Pursuant to the reporting requirements 
     of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as 
     amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 25-02, 
     concerning the Air Force's proposed Letter(s) of Offer and 
     Acceptance to the Republic of Korea for defense articles and 
     services estimated to cost $6.2 billion. We will issue a news 
     release to notify the public of this proposed sale upon 
     delivery of this letter to your office.
           Sincerely,
                                                Michael F. Miller,
                                                         Director.
       Enclosures.


                         Transmittal No. 25-02

     Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to 
         Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as 
         amended
       (i) Prospective Purchaser: Republic of Korea.
       (ii) Total Estimated Value:
       Major Defense Equipment* $2.6 billion.
       Other $3.6 billion.
       Total $6.2 billion.
       (iii) Description and Quantity or Quantities of Articles or 
     Services under Consideration for Purchase: The Republic of 
     Korea has requested to buy equipment and services to upgrade 
     its F-15K aircraft fleet, including:
       Major Defense Equipment (MDE):
       Ninety-six (96) Advanced Display Core Processor II (ADCP 
     II) mission system computers.
       Seventy (70) AN/APG-82(v)1 Active Electronically Scanned 
     Array (AESA) radars.
       Seventy (70) AN/ALQ-250 Eagle Passive Active Warning 
     Survivability System (EPAWSS) electronic warfare (EW) suites.
       Seventy (70) AN/AAR-57 Common Missile Warning Systems 
     (CMWS).
       Non-Major Defense Equipment: The following non-MDE items 
     will also be included: Joint Mission Planning Systems (JMPS) 
     with unique planning components; Computer Program 
     Identification Numbers (CPINs); Joint Helmet Mounted Cueing 
     Systems; major modifications and maintenance support; 
     aircraft components, parts, and accessories; spare parts, 
     consumables, accessories, and repair and return support; 
     training aids and devices; weapons software and software 
     support; classified and unclassified software delivery and 
     support; classified and unclassified publications and 
     technical documentation; personnel training and training 
     equipment; aerial refueling support; aircraft ferry and 
     transportation support; facilities and construction support; 
     studies and surveys; U.S. Government and contractor 
     engineering, technical, and logistics support services; and 
     other related elements of logistics and program support.
       (iv) Military Department: Air Force (KS-D-QHE).

[[Page S6815]]

       (v) Prior Related Cases; if any: None.
       (vi) Sales Commission; Fee; etc.; Paid; Offered; or Agreed 
     to be Paid: None known at this time.
       (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense 
     Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached 
     Annex.
       (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 19, 
     2024.
       *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control 
     Act.


                          Policy Justification

               Republic of Korea--F-15K Aircraft Upgrade

       The Republic of Korea has requested to buy equipment and 
     services to upgrade its F-15K aircraft fleet, including 
     ninety-six (96) Advanced Display Core Processor II (ADCP II) 
     mission system computers; seventy (70) AN/APG-82(v)1 Active 
     Electronically Scanned Arrays (AESA) radars; seventy (70) AN/
     ALQ-250 Eagle Passive Active Warning Survivability System 
     (EPAWSS) electronic warfare (EW) suites; and seventy (70) AN/
     AAR-57 Common Missile Warning Systems (CMWS). The following 
     non-MDE items will also be included: Joint Mission Planning 
     Systems (JMPS) with unique planning components; Computer 
     Program Identification Numbers (CPINs); Joint Helmet Mounted 
     Cueing Systems; major modifications and maintenance support; 
     aircraft components, parts, and accessories; spare parts, 
     consumables, accessories, and repair and return support; 
     training aids and devices; weapons software and software 
     support; classified and unclassified software delivery and 
     support; classified and unclassified publications and 
     technical documentation; personnel training and training 
     equipment; aerial refueling support; aircraft ferry and 
     transportation support; facilities and construction support; 
     studies and surveys; U.S. Government and contractor 
     engineering, technical, and logistics support services; and 
     other related elements of logistics and program support. The 
     estimated total cost is $6.2 billion.
       This proposed sale will support the foreign policy goals 
     and national security objectives of the United States by 
     improving the security of a major ally that is a force for 
     political stability and economic progress in the Indo-Pacific 
     region.
       This proposed sale will improve the Republic of Korea's 
     capability to meet current and future threats by increasing 
     its critical air defense capability to deter aggression in 
     the region and to ensure interoperability with U.S. forces. 
     The Republic of Korea will have no difficulty absorbing these 
     articles and services into its armed forces.
       The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not 
     alter the basic military balance in the region.
       The primary contractors will be Boeing Company, based in 
     Arlington, VA; Raytheon Technologies, located in Forest, MS; 
     and BAE Systems, situated in Falls Church, VA. The U.S. 
     Government is not aware of any offset agreements proposed in 
     connection with this potential sale.
       Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the 
     assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor 
     representatives to the Republic of Korea.
       There will be no adverse impact on U.S. defense readiness 
     as a result of this proposed sale.


                         Transmittal No. 25-02

     Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to 
         Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act

                           Annex Item No. vii

       (vii) Sensitivity of Technology:
       1. The AN/APG-82(v)1 is an Active Electronically Scanned 
     Array (AESA) radar upgrade for the F-15. It includes higher 
     processor power, higher transmission power, more sensitive 
     receiver electronics, and Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR), 
     which creates higher-resolution ground maps from a greater 
     distance than existing mechanically scanned array radars 
     create. The upgrade features an increase in detection range 
     of air targets, increases in processing speed and memory, as 
     well as significant improvements in all modes.
       2. The Advanced Display Core Processor II (ADCP II) is the 
     mission processor for the F-15, managing the overall mission 
     functions for the aircraft. The ADCP II controls the 
     aircraft's avionics and provides data for the cockpit 
     displays. It contains multiple core processors enabling rapid 
     processing of data and is connected to aircraft systems by 
     redundant MIL-STD-1553 buses and Ethernet interfaces.
       3. The Eagle Passive Active Warning Survivability System 
     (EPAWSS) is an advanced all-digital EW suite which provides 
     the F-15 with fully integrated radar warning, geolocation, 
     situational awareness, and self-protection solutions to 
     detect and defeat surface and airborne legacy, current, and 
     future threats in highly contested, dense signal 
     environments. EPAWSS is equipped with advanced radio 
     frequency (RF) electronic countermeasures (ECM), enabling 
     deeper penetration against modern integrated air defense 
     systems and providing rapid response capabilities designed to 
     protect the aircrew.
       4. The AN/AAR-57A Common Missile Warning System (CMWS) is 
     the detection component of the suite of countermeasures 
     designed to increase survivability of current generation 
     combat aircraft and specialized special operations aircraft 
     against the threat posed by infrared guided missiles.
       5. The highest level of classification of defense articles, 
     components, and services included in this potential sale is 
     SECRET.
       6. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain 
     knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the 
     information could be used to develop countermeasures that 
     might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the 
     development of a system with similar or advanced 
     capabilities.
       7. A determination has been made that the Republic of Korea 
     can provide substantially the same degree of protection for 
     the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. 
     Government. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. 
     foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in 
     the Policy Justification.
       8. All defense articles and services listed in this 
     transmittal have been authorized for release and export to 
     the Republic of Korea.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6815-S6816]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        ARMS SALES NOTIFICATIONS

  Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control 
Act requires that Congress receive prior notification of certain 
proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, 
the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be 
reviewed. The provision stipulates that, in the Senate, the 
notification of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the 
Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
  In keeping with the committee's intention to see that relevant 
information is still available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the Record the notifications that have been 
received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such 
an annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign 
Relations Committee, room SD-423.
  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in 
the Record, as follows:

                                                  Defense Security


                                           Cooperation Agency,

                                                   Washington, DC.
     Hon. Benjamin L. Cardin,
     Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations,
     U.S. Senate, Washington, DC.
       Dear Mr. Chairman: Pursuant to the reporting requirements 
     of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as 
     amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 24-119, 
     concerning the Army's proposed Letter(s) of Offer and 
     Acceptance to the Government of Ukraine for defense articles 
     and services estimated to cost $100 million. We will issue a 
     news release to notify the public of this proposed sale upon 
     delivery of this letter to your office.
           Sincerely,
                                                Michael F. Miller,
                                                         Director.
       Enclosures.


                         transmittal no. 24-119

     Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to 
         Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as 
         amended
       (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Ukraine.
       (ii) Total Estimated Value:
       Major Defense Equipment * $0.
       Other $100 million.
       Total $100 million.
       Funding Source: Foreign Military Financing.
       (iii) Description and Quantity or Quantities of Articles or 
     Services under Consideration for Purchase:
       Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None.
       Non-MDE: Equipment and services for refurbishment of 
     vehicles; technical assistance; training; publications; and 
     other related elements of logistics and program support.
       (iv) Military Department: Army (UP-B-UCZ).
       (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None.
       (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Offered, or Agreed 
     to be Paid: None.
       (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense 
     Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None.
       (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 19, 
     2024.
       * As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control 
     Act.


                          policy justification

    Ukraine--Blanket Order Sustainment of U.S. Army Supplied Systems

       The Government of Ukraine has requested to buy equipment 
     and services for refurbishment of vehicles; technical 
     assistance; training; publications; and other related 
     elements of logistics and program support. The estimated 
     total cost is $100 million.
       This proposed sale will support the foreign policy goals 
     and national security objectives of the United States by 
     improving the security of a partner country that is a force 
     for political stability and economic progress in Europe.
       Ukraine has an urgent need to strengthen local sustainment 
     capabilities to maintain high operational rates for U.S.-
     provided vehicles and weapon systems. This sustainment 
     support will directly contribute to battlefield 
     effectiveness, overall operational rates, logistics, and 
     reduction of financial burdens as a result of a more 
     resilient and rapid repair cycle.

[[Page S6816]]

       The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not 
     alter the basic military balance in the region.
       The principal contractor(s) will be determined from 
     approved vendors. There are no known offset agreements 
     proposed in connection with this potential sale.
       Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the 
     assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor 
     representatives to Ukraine.
       There will be no adverse impact on U.S. defense readiness 
     as a result of this proposed sale.

                          ____________________








[Page S6816]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS

                                 ______
                                 

                       TRIBUTE TO HAROLD JOHNSON

<bullet> Mr. BOOZMAN. Madam President, I rise today to congratulate 
Harold Johnson of Walnut Ridge for his decades of service to 
memorialize and champion Arkansas' legacy in aviation history.
  Johnson was born in Saline County where he fostered an interest in 
aviation from a young age. This passion led him to become a pilot and 
flight instructor and, later, a commercial pilot for 18 years.
  His experience in the skies was perhaps most notable for a harrowing 
encounter while serving as a copilot during the hijacking of Southern 
Airways Flight 49 on November 10, 1972. During this ordeal that lasted 
over 30 hours and spanned the U.S., Canada, and Cuba, Harold was able 
to ensure all passengers landed safely, despite having been shot in the 
arm.
  After his retirement from commercial flight, Johnson channeled his 
continued love for aviation into the creation of an aviation shrine in 
Walnut Ridge, AR, which will celebrate its 26th anniversary on March 2, 
2025.
  As president and founder of the Wings of Honor Museum, he began a new 
mission to preserve the stories of Arkansas veterans through reflection 
and education by repurposing the Walnut Ridge Army Flying school and 
surrounding historical buildings.
  The museum's growth and success are a direct result of Johnson's 
efforts and desire to inspire members of his community and far beyond. 
Wings of Honor is home to hundreds of aviation cadet class books, 
airfield records, aerial navigation charts, and the biographies of over 
21,000 Arkansans who served in WWII. Beyond the numerous artifacts, 
aircraft, and unique visual displays, it is his tangible love of 
learning and keeping history alive that will continue to leave an 
impression on guests and visitors.
  From his days as a pilot to his natural role as a community leader 
and teacher, Johnson's dedication and impact have been celebrated 
widely. He was inducted into the Arkansas Aviation Historical Society 
Hall of Fame in 2017 and was named the Lawrence County Chamber of 
Commerce 2024 Man of the Year.
  I thank him for his years of stewardship that generated such 
tremendous success for the Wings of Honor Museum and the Walnut Ridge 
community and wish him all the best with continuing to prepare a new 
generation of leadership to carry on that important legacy.<bullet>

                          ____________________








[Page S6816]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   REMEMBERING DONALD H. TURNER, JR.

  Mr. WELCH. Madam President, Donald H. Turner, Jr., epitomized public 
service.
  Don grew up in Milton, VT, a town of less than 11,000 people. When he 
was a boy, it had half that number. Don's family owned the local 
bowling alley and a construction company. His family's outsized 
presence in the town may be why he saw the entire community as family.
  Don signed up as a volunteer firefighter at 16 and remained involved 
with the department for his entire life, serving 14 years as chief. On 
my last visit to Milton in March 2023, we discussed the challenges 
facing small fire departments and rescue squads, input that directly 
influenced legislation I introduced to reimburse emergency medical 
services providers for care they provide patients who are not 
transported to a hospital.
  For the past 7 years, Don served as town manager in his hometown. If 
the rescue squad was short a person to respond to a call, he would 
leave his office and hop in the ambulance.
  Prior to serving in town government, Don represented his community in 
the Vermont House of Representatives for 13 years, including 8 as the 
minority leader. Perhaps that is why when he assumed leadership of his 
hometown government, he made his and the town staff's motto, ``Get 
stuff done.''
  And he did.
  A new town garage, something in the works before the birth of the 
town's current selectboard chair, was wrapped up in 2 years under Don's 
leadership. It is now named for him, with ``Getting stuff done'' 
written in large letters along one wall.
  He also kept up the pressure on a transformative road project for the 
town, working through multiple issues to get the project underway in 
the past year.
  Infrastructure is the most basic part of a town manager's job. Don 
went beyond that. A lifelong Republican, he led efforts in the town to 
examine its practices and policies with an eye toward making sure they 
were fair and allowed everyone to participate. This led to changes in 
the town's recreation department, where Don wanted to remove barriers 
to participation, including income or disabilities that might 
previously have kept children and adults on the sidelines. He 
championed an annual inclusion festival, in which he was an eager and 
proud participant.
  In 2019, the Milton Public Library hosted a drag queen story time. 
When the event drew backlash, Don defended the library, attended the 
event, and had his photo taken with the drag queens.
  When the tree topper was damaged ahead of the annual holiday tree 
lighting, Don made a new one in his garage.
  No business in town was too small to receive Don's support. If there 
was a ribbon to be cut or a grand opening that needed attendees, he was 
there, regardless of the day or time.
  When the high school needed someone to transport supplies for an 
event, Don pulled up in his truck.
  His dedication to his town earned him the nickname ``Mr. Milton.''
  Don believed that, ``If you look after people, they will look after 
you.'' He lived that belief, setting an example, not only for his 
community, but for all of us who are committed to public service.
  He passed away on Saturday, November 30, after a brief battle with 
cancer. Don was 60 years old.
  Margaret and I extend our condolences to his wife Gail and his 
daughters Emily, Hillary, and Erin, as well as their families and loved 
ones. And I also give comfort to the Milton community, who lost a 
neighbor, friend, and important member of their community.
  Donald H. Turner, Jr., will be missed by many in Vermont.

                          ____________________








[Page S6816]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




       RECOGNIZING MILITARY RECOVERY RESPONSE TO HURRICANE HELENE

  Mr. BUDD. Madam President, today I recognize National Guard and 
Active-Duty troops who came to the aid of North Carolinians following 
the terrible devastation caused by Hurricane Helene.
  I want to particularly thank the North Carolina National Guard for 
their leadership, as well as their brothers and sisters in arms from 18 
States who answered the call to provide lifesaving aid when our State 
was in need. This includes guardsmen from Georgia, Connecticut, Iowa, 
Kentucky, Florida, Indiana, Missouri, Mississippi, Pennsylvania, Ohio, 
South Carolina, New York, Minnesota, West Virginia, Maryland, Virginia, 
and Alabama. I would also like to thank the Active-Duty servicemembers 
from the XVIII Airborne Corps at Ft. Liberty, the 82nd Airborne 
Division, and those from Ft. Campbell's 101st Airborne Division who 
supported the Guard and communities across western North Carolina in 
both rescue and recovery operations.
  To all those who came to western North Carolina's aid, you have my 
sincere thanks for your service and sacrifice. On behalf of the Senate, 
I thank you for your bravery and continued service.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6816-S6817]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       TRIBUTE TO GERALD JOHNSON

<bullet> Mr. PETERS. Madam President, I rise today to honor an 
accomplished and highly regarded leader in Michigan's automotive 
industry, Mr. Gerald Johnson, executive vice president of

[[Page S6817]]

global manufacturing and sustainability for General Motors. Gerald has 
made an immeasurable impact on General Motors and the metro-Detroit 
community over the past 44 years, and it is a privilege to recognize 
him here today and celebrate his upcoming retirement.
  Gerald began his career with General Motors in 1980, working as a 
group leader at the Fisher Body Plant in Euclid, OH. This began his 
decades long career with General Motors that includes a number of 
leadership roles, professional achievements, and a legacy of excellence 
that will stand for years to come.
  While serving as vice president of operational excellence, Gerald and 
his team placed an emphasis on improvement and efficiency, including 
innovations in process discipline and waste elimination. In 2020, when 
the COVID-19 pandemic began, Gerald used his extensive experience and 
knowledge in the manufacturing space to lead a team that produced 
critical medical supplies, such as ventilators and facemasks, for 
frontline medical workers, while implementing highly successful return-
to-work safety protocols across the company. Beyond his work during the 
COVID-19 pandemic, Gerald also served as vice president of General 
Motors North American manufacturing and relations, bringing his 
expertise and insight to a wide swath of the company's operations. In 
his final role with General Motors, Gerald served as the executive vice 
president of GM's global manufacturing, manufacturing engineering, 
labor relations, and sustainability organizations, which included 
directing the work of more than 94,800 employees located across 4 
continents and 13 countries.
  Throughout the many positions and leadership roles Gerald has 
occupied across his career, what has remained consistent is his 
commitment to fostering positive change within General Motors and 
across the metro-Detroit area. This is evidenced by Gerald's work as a 
founding member of the GM inclusion advisory board. As well, as an 
alumnus of Kettering University in Flint, MI, Gerald serves on the 
university's board of trustees and continues to mentor young 
professionals starting out in their careers, along with serving on the 
National Board of Directors for the United Negro College Fund, UNCF. 
Named the 2021 Black Engineer of the Year by the Black Engineer of the 
Year Awards (BEYA) selection committee and presented during the BEYA 
STEM Conference. Additionally, the Michigan Chronicle has recognized 
Gerald among the Most Powerful African Americans in Southeast Michigan 
with several awards over the years. Most recently, in 2024, he was 
named to the Chronicle's Power 50 list. He has inspired hundreds of men 
and women to pursue and maintain careers in manufacturing and the 
automotive industry for more than four decades. Proteges speak of his 
ability to help them develop their critical thinking skills and 
navigate daily decisions. Through these constant efforts, Gerald has 
undoubtedly made an indelible mark on General Motors's global 
workforce, while helping to lead efforts across the automotive industry 
to encourage more young professionals from diverse backgrounds to 
pursue careers in manufacturing, engineering, design, and beyond.
  His passion for helping others enrich their lives is apparent in 
every aspect of Gerald's life. In 2018, Gerald and his wife Darlynn 
started the Gathering Church in Farmington Hills, MI. Along with 
helping families, the Gathering Church supports teens at the Detroit 
Covenant House, helps men at Mariner's Inn homeless shelter in Detroit, 
and inner-city children at the Detroit Leadership Academy.
  Gerald has also been an ordained elder in the Detroit World Outreach 
Christian Center Church in Redford, MI, where he led the men's ministry 
known as Men of Valor. At 700 men strong, the ministry is focused on 
mentoring, teaching, and outreach to those in need.
  I cannot understate the impact that Gerald Johnson has made on 
General Motors and, by extension, on the metro-Detroit community. His 
hard work and dedication over these many years steadfastly promoted 
positive change and created a culture at General Motors that continues 
to attract an immensely talented and diverse workforce. Though Gerald's 
leadership at General Motors will be missed, his legacy will most 
certainly endure and continue to inspire.<bullet>

                          ____________________








[Page S6817]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        TRIBUTE TO PAM RUBINOFF

<bullet> Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam President, I rise today to honor my 
constituent Pam Rubinoff. Pam is the coastal resilience lead for the 
Rhode Island Sea Grant and the University of Rhode Island Coastal 
Resources Center. She has spent three decades engaging with coastal 
communities, helping them implement science-informed coastal management 
and shoreline protection measures. Pam started her career working with 
coastal communities in Latin America and Africa but has focused her 
outreach in Rhode Island for the past 10 years. She has helped coastal 
communities address a range of challenges, including flooding and 
rising sea levels caused by climate change.
  Pam's steadfast commitment to coastal communities in Rhode Island and 
beyond will have a lasting effect and protect people and communities 
from flooding and erosion. Pam worked with the city of Providence to 
pilot a near-real-time storm forecasting and infrastructure impact 
assessment tool, which has helped prioritize public emergency personnel 
response to flooded urban neighborhoods. With Pam's help, the 
Providence Resilience Partnership catalyzed $2.3 million in Federal 
funding for a range of projects, including a climate risk assessment of 
the Fox Point Hurricane Barrier, the neighborhood's main line of 
defense against major storms. She created the first-ever Military 
Installation Resilience Review plan for Naval Station Newport, a U.S. 
Navy property located in a flood zone that is at growing risk for 
coastal inundation. Pam has also advanced scientific and community 
engagement through solutions like MyCoastRI, an app-based tool to 
gather and analyze photos of flooding and storm impacts.
  In addition to her scientific work, Pam is great mentor for the next 
generation of coastal management professionals. Countless undergraduate 
and graduate students who Pam mentored are now local partners in 
emergency management, sustainability, and other professions where they 
put climate science to use. Her ability to clearly communicate the need 
for shoreline protection makes her highly sought after by government 
advisory committees, industry groups, community organizations, and the 
media. I applaud Pam's work and thank her on behalf of all the Ocean 
State.<bullet>

                          ____________________








[Pages S6817-S6818]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE

  At 1:24 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered 
by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has 
passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it requests the 
concurrence of the Senate:

       S. 3791. An act to reauthorize the America's Conservation 
     Enhancement Act, and for other purposes.

  The message further announced that the House has passed the following 
bill, without amendment:

       S. 3960. An act to amend title 35, United States Code, to 
     provide a good faith exception to the imposition of fines for 
     false assertions and certifications, and for other purposes.

  The message also announced that the House has passed the following 
bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate:

       H.R. 5103. An act to require the Director of the Office of 
     Management and Budget to approve or deny spend plans within a 
     certain amount of time, and for other purposes.
       H.R. 6395. An act to amend the Energy Act of 2020 to 
     require the Secretary of the Interior to include the 
     Secretary of Health and Human Services in consultations 
     regarding designations of critical minerals, elements, 
     substances, and materials.
       H.R. 6826. An act to designate the visitor and education 
     center at Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine 
     as the Paul S. Sarbanes Visitor and Education Center.
       H.R. 6843. An act to expand the boundaries of the 
     Atchafalaya National Heritage Area to include Lafourche 
     Parish, Louisiana.
       H.R. 7177. An act to amend title 28, United States Code, to 
     consolidate certain divisions in the Northern District of 
     Alabama.
       H.R. 7316. An act to make improvements in the enactment of 
     title 54, United States Code, into a positive law title and 
     to correct related technical errors.

[[Page S6818]]

  

       H.R. 7324. An act to make improvements in the enactment of 
     title 41, United States Code, into a positive law title and 
     to improve the Code.
       H.R. 7326. An act to amend chapters 4, 10, and 131 of title 
     5, United States Code, as necessary to keep those chapters 
     current and to correct related technical errors.
       H.R. 7332. An act to require the Secretary of the Interior 
     and the Secretary of Agriculture to convey certain Federal 
     land to the State of Utah for inclusion in certain State 
     parks, and for other purposes.
       H.R. 7339. An act to make revisions in title 51, United 
     States Code, as necessary to keep the title current, and to 
     make technical amendments to improve the United States Code.
       H.R. 7341. An act to make technical amendments to title 49, 
     United States Code, as necessary to improve the Code.
       H.R. 7872. An act to amend the Colorado River Basin 
     Salinity Control Act to modify certain requirements 
     applicable to salinity control units, and for other purposes.
       H.R. 8666. An act to amend title 28, United States Code, to 
     authorize holding court for the Central Division of Utah in 
     Moab and Monticello.
       H.R. 9151. An act to strengthen the Department of Justice's 
     enforcement against trade-related crimes.
       H.R. 9563. An act to amend title 28, United States Code, to 
     limit the availability of civil actions affected by United 
     States sanctions, and for other purposes.

  The message further announced that pursuant to 1092(b)(2) of the 
James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 
(Public Law 117-263), and the order of the House of January 9, 2023, 
the Speaker and the Minority Leader of the Senate jointly appoint the 
following individual to serve as Co-Chair of the Commission on the 
Future of the Navy: Ms. Mackenzie Eaglen of Arlington, Virginia.

                          ____________________








[Page S6818]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR

  The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous 
consent, and placed on the calendar:

       H.R. 7332. An act to require the Secretary of the Interior 
     and the Secretary of Agriculture to convey certain Federal 
     land to the State of Utah for inclusion in certain State 
     parks, and for other purposes.

                          ____________________








[Page S6818]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                           MEASURES REFERRED

  The following bills were read the first and the second times by 
unanimous consent, and referred as indicated:

       H.R. 5103. An act to require the Director of the Office of 
     Management and Budget to approve or deny spend plans within a 
     certain amount of time, and for other purposes; to the 
     Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation.
       H.R. 6395. An act to amend the Energy Act of 2020 to 
     require the Secretary of the Interior to include the 
     Secretary of Health and Human Services in consultations 
     regarding designations of critical minerals, elements, 
     substances, and materials; to the Committee on Energy and 
     Natural Resources.
       H.R. 7177. An act to amend title 28, United States Code, to 
     consolidate certain divisions in the Northern District of 
     Alabama; to the Committee on the Judiciary.
       H.R. 7316. An act to make improvements in the enactment of 
     title 54, United States Code, into a positive law title and 
     to correct related technical errors; to the Committee on the 
     Judiciary.
       H.R. 7324. An act to make improvements in the enactment of 
     title 41, United States Code, into a positive law title and 
     to improve the Code; to the Committee on the Judiciary.
       H.R. 7339. An act to make revisions in title 51, United 
     States Code, as necessary to keep the title current, and to 
     make technical amendments to improve the United States Code; 
     to the Committee on the Judiciary.
       H.R. 7341. An act to make technical amendments to title 49, 
     United States Code, as necessary to improve the Code; to the 
     Committee on the Judiciary.
       H.R. 8666. An act to amend title 28, United States Code, to 
     authorize holding court for the Central Division of Utah in 
     Moab and Monticello; to the Committee on the Judiciary.
       H.R. 9151. An act to strengthen the Department of Justice's 
     enforcement against trade-related crimes; to the Committee on 
     the Judiciary.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6818-S6820]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS

  The following communications were laid before the Senate, together 
with accompanying papers, reports, and documents, and were referred as 
indicated:

        EC-6637. A communication from the Director of the 
     Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Air Plan Approval; Shelby County, Tennessee; 
     Revisions to Startup, Shutdown, and Malfunction Rules'' (FRL 
     No. 12238-02-R4) received in the Office of the President of 
     the Senate on November 21, 2024; to the Committee on 
     Environment and Public Works.
        EC-6638. A communication from the Director of the 
     Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Air Plan Approval; ID; Update Materials 
     Incorporated by Reference'' (FRL No. 12269-01-R10) received 
     in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 21, 
     2024; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works.
        EC-6639. A communication from the Director of the 
     Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Tennessee: Final Authorization of State Hazardous 
     Waste Management Program Revisions'' (FRL No. 12278-01-R4) 
     received in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
     November 21, 2024; to the Committee on Environment and Public 
     Works.
        EC-6640. A communication from the Director of the 
     Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Air Plan Approval; Connecticut; New Haven and 
     Fairfield Counties Second 10-Year Limited Maintenance Plan 
     for the 2006 24-Hour PM2.5 Standard'' (FRL No. 12283-02-R1) 
     received in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
     November 21, 2024; to the Committee on Environment and Public 
     Works.
        EC-6641. A communication from the Director of the 
     Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air 
     Pollutants: Rubber Tire Manufacturing'' ((RIN2060-AV70) (FRL 
     No. 5949.1-03-OAR)) received in the Office of the President 
     of the Senate on November 21, 2024; to the Committee on 
     Environment and Public Works.
        EC-6642. A communication from the Director of the 
     Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Federal Plan Requirements for Commercial and 
     Industrial Solid Waste Incineration Units That Commenced 
     Construction On or Before June 4, 2010 and Have Not Been 
     Modified or Reconstructed Since August 7, 2013'' ((RIN2060-
     AT28) (FRL No. 5960-02-OAR)) received in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on November 21, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Environment and Public Works.
        EC-6643. A communication from the Director of the 
     Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Air Plan Partial Approval and Partial Disapproval; 
     North Carolina; Second Period Regional Haze Plan'' (FRL No. 
     10405-02-R4) received in the Office of the President of the 
     Senate on November 21, 2024; to the Committee on Environment 
     and Public Works.
        EC-6644. A communication from the Director of the 
     Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Air Plan Approval; Georgia; Second Period Regional 
     Haze Plan'' (FRL No. 10407-02-R4) received in the Office of 
     the President of the Senate on November 21, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Environment and Public Works.
        EC-6645. A communication from the Director of the 
     Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Texas: Incorporation by Reference of State 
     Hazardous Waste Management Program'' (FRL No. 9522-01-R6) 
     received in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
     November 21, 2024; to the Committee on Environment and Public 
     Works.
        EC-6646. A communication from the Director of the 
     Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; Second Period 
     Regional Haze Plan'' (FRL No. 12100-02-R5) received in the 
     Office of the President of the Senate on November 21, 2024; 
     to the Committee on Environment and Public Works.
        EC-6647. A communication from the Director of the 
     Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Waste Emissions Charge for Petroleum and Natural 
     Gas Systems: Procedures for Facilitating Compliance, 
     Including Netting and Exemptions'' ((RIN2060-AW02) (FRL No. 
     10246.1-03-OAR)) received in the Office of the President of 
     the Senate on November 21, 2024; to the Committee on 
     Environment and Public Works.
        EC-6648. A communication from the Associate Director of 
     the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air 
     Pollutants: Lime Manufacturing Plants Technology Review; 
     Correction'' ((RIN2060-AV59) (FRL No. 5948.2-02-OAR)) 
     received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of 
     the President of the Senate on November 26, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Environment and Public Works.
        EC-6649. A communication from the Associate Director of 
     the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Air Plan Approval; Maryland; Determination of 
     Attainment by the Attainment Date for the 2010 1-Hour Primary 
     Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard'' (FRL 
     No. 11858-02-R3) received during adjournment of the Senate in

[[Page S6819]]

     the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 
     2024; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works.
        EC-6650. A communication from the Associate Director of 
     the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Air Plan Partial Approval and Partial Disapproval; 
     North Dakota; Regional Haze State Implementation Plan for the 
     Second Implementation Period'' (FRL No. 12052-02-R8) received 
     during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on November 26, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Environment and Public Works.
        EC-6651. A communication from the Associate Director of 
     the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Air Plan Partial Approval and Partial Disapproval; 
     Wyoming; Regional Haze Plan for the Second Implementation 
     Period'' (FRL No. 12135-02-R8) received during adjournment of 
     the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
     November 26, 2024; to the Committee on Environment and Public 
     Works.
        EC-6652. A communication from the Associate Director of 
     the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Air Plan Partial Approval and Partial Disapproval; 
     Utah; Regional Haze State Implementation Period; Air Plan 
     Disapproval; Utah; Prong 4 (Visibility) for the 2015 8-Hour 
     Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard'' (FRL No. 12173-
     02-R8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the 
     Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 2024; 
     to the Committee on Environment and Public Works.
        EC-6653. A communication from the Associate Director of 
     the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection 
     Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Nebraska: Final Approval of State Underground 
     Storage Tank Program Revisions, Codification, and 
     Incorporation by Reference'' (FRL No. 12274-03-R7) received 
     during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on November 26, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Environment and Public Works.
        EC-6654. A communication from the Assistant General 
     Counsel for Legislation, Regulation, and Energy Efficiency, 
     Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
     report of a rule entitled ``Civil Nuclear Credit Program and 
     Recapture of Credits'' (RIN1901-AB57) received during 
     adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of 
     the Senate on November 26, 2024; to the Committee on Energy 
     and Natural Resources.
        EC-6655. A communication from the Assistant General 
     Counsel for Legislation, Regulation, and Energy Efficiency, 
     Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
     report of a rule entitled ``Energy Conservation Program for 
     Appliance Standards: Certification Requirements, Labeling 
     Requirements, and Enforcement Provisions for Certain Consumer 
     Products and Commercial Equipment'' (RIN1904-AF48) received 
     during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on November 26, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Energy and Natural Resources.
        EC-6656. A communication from the Assistant General 
     Counsel for Legislation, Regulation, and Energy Efficiency, 
     Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
     report of a rule entitled ``Energy Conservation Program: 
     Energy Conservation Standards for Oil, Electric, and 
     Weatherized Gas Consumer Furnaces'' (RIN1904-AF19) received 
     in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 21, 
     2024; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources.
        EC-6657. A communication from the Assistant General 
     Counsel for Legislation, Regulation, and Energy Efficiency, 
     Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
     report of a rule entitled ``Department of Energy Acquisition 
     Regulation'' (RIN1991-AC17) received in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on November 21, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Energy and Natural Resources.
        EC-6658. A communication from the Assistant General 
     Counsel for Legislation, Regulation, and Energy Efficiency, 
     Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
     report of a rule entitled ``Energy Conservation Program: 
     Energy Conservation Standards for Consumer Furnace Fans'' 
     (RIN1904-AE64) received in the Office of the President of the 
     Senate on November 21, 2024; to the Committee on Energy and 
     Natural Resources.
        EC-6659. A communication from the Attorney Advisor, Office 
     of Legislation, Regulation, and Energy Efficiency, Department 
     of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a 
     rule entitled ``Department of Energy Acquisition Regulation'' 
     (RIN1991-AC17) received during adjournment of the Senate in 
     the Office of the President of the Senate on November 26, 
     2024; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources.
        EC-6660. A communication from the Chairman of the Federal 
     Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, 
     the Commission's Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 
     2024; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources.
        EC-6661. A communication from the Inspector General, 
     Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, 
     pursuant to law, a report entitled ``Review of Medicare 
     Administrative Contractor Information Security Program 
     Evaluations for Fiscal Year 2023''; to the Committee on 
     Finance.
        EC-6662. A communication from the Assistant Secretary for 
     Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ``Annual 
     Report to Congress on the Medicare and Medicaid Integrity 
     Programs for Fiscal Year 2023''; to the Committee on Finance.
        EC-6663. A communication from the Regulations Coordinator, 
     Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of 
     Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
     report of a rule entitled ``Medicare Program; Alternative 
     Payment Model Updates and the Increasing Organ Transplant 
     Access Model'' (RIN0938-AU51) received during adjournment of 
     the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
     November 26, 2024; to the Committee on Finance.
        EC-6664. A communication from the Federal Register 
     Liaison, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the 
     Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``Extension of Transition Process for Claiming the 
     Statutory Exceptions to the Elective Payment Phaseouts'' 
     (Notice 2024-84) received during adjournment of the Senate in 
     the Office of the President of the Senate on November 22, 
     2024; to the Committee on Finance.
        EC-6665. A communication from the Regulations Coordinator, 
     Administration for Children and Families, Department of 
     Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
     report of a rule entitled ``Adoption and Foster Care Analysis 
     and Reporting System'' (RIN0970-AC98) received during 
     adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of 
     the Senate on November 26, 2024; to the Committee on Finance.
        EC-6666. A communication from the Under Secretary of 
     Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant 
     to law, a report relative to a waiver for the statutory 
     requirement that the United Kingdom Ministry of Defense and 
     Australian Department of Defense contracts supporting the 
     Deep-space Advanced Radar Capability sites in those countries 
     be made on a competitive basis and the requirement that 
     United States' companies not be precluded from competing 
     under the contracts; to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
        EC-6667. A communication from the Assistant Secretary, 
     Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, 
     pursuant to law, a report entitled ``Determination Under 
     Section 614(a) (1) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to 
     Provide Assistance to Ukraine''; to the Committee on Foreign 
     Relations.
        EC-6668. A communication from the Assistant Secretary, 
     Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, 
     pursuant to law, a report relative to the intent to exercise 
     the authority under section 614(a) (1) of the FAA to provide 
     military assistance to Ukraine; to the Committee on Foreign 
     Relations.
        EC-6669. A communication from the Assistant Secretary, 
     Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, 
     pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the 
     certification of a proposed license amendment for the export 
     of defense articles, including technical data, and defense 
     services to Denmark and the United Kingdom in the amount of 
     $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 24-068); to the 
     Committee on Foreign Relations.
        EC-6670. A communication from Senior Attorney Advisor, 
     AmeriCorps, Corporation for National and Community Service, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
     ``Protection of the Human Subjects'' (RIN3045-AA60) received 
     in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 21, 
     2024; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
     Pensions.
        EC-6671. A communication from the Regulations Coordinator, 
     Administration for Children and Families, Department of 
     Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
     report of a rule entitled ``Increase Flexibility for Tribes 
     in Child Care and Development Fund Eligibility'' (RIN0970-
     AD11) received in the Office of the President of the Senate 
     on November 21, 2024; to the Committee on Health, Education, 
     Labor, and Pensions.
        EC-6672. A communication from the Secretary of Education, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
     ``Income Contingent Repayment Plan Options'' (RIN1840-AD97) 
     received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the 
     Senate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
     Pensions.
        EC-6673. A communication from the Inspector General, 
     Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, 
     pursuant to law, a report entitled ``HHS Continues to Make 
     Progress Towards Compliance With the Geospatial Data Act''; 
     to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions.
        EC-6674. A communication from the Regulations Coordinator, 
     Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, 
     pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ``Organ 
     Procurement and Transplantation: Implementation of the HIV 
     Organ Policy Equity'' (RIN0937-AA13) received in the Office 
     of the President of the Senate on November 21, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions.
        EC-6675. A communication from the Regulations Coordinator, 
     National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and Human 
     Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
     entitled ``National Institute

[[Page S6820]]

     on Minority Health and Health Disparities Research Endowment 
     Programs'' (RIN0925-AA70) received during adjournment of the 
     Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
     November 26, 2024; to the Committee on Health, Education, 
     Labor, and Pensions.
        EC-6676. A communication from the Assistant Secretary for 
     Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ``Fiscal 
     Year 2023 Report to Congress on Community Services Block 
     Grant Discretionary Activities - Community Economic 
     Development and Rural Community Development Programs''; to 
     the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions.
        EC-6677. A communication from the Chairman of the National 
     Transportation Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, 
     the Board's Performance and Accountability report for fiscal 
     year 2024; to the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs.
        EC-6678. A communication from the Secretary of Veterans 
     Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department's 
     Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period 
     from April 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
        EC-6679. A communication from the Administrator of the 
     General Services Administration, transmitting, pursuant to 
     law, the Administration's Semiannual Report of the Inspector 
     General for the period from April 1, 2024 through September 
     30, 2024; to the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs.
        EC-6680. A communication from the Administrator of the 
     General Services Administration, transmitting, pursuant to 
     law, the Administrator's Semiannual Management Report to 
     Congress for the period from April 1, 2024 through September 
     30, 2024; to the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs.
        EC-6681. A communication from the Director of 
     Congressional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission's Semiannual 
     Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 
     2024 through September 30, 2024; to the Committee on Homeland 
     Security and Governmental Affairs.
        EC-6682. A communication from the Deputy Assistant 
     Administrator for Legislative and Public Affairs, U.S. Agency 
     for International Development (USAID), transmitting, pursuant 
     to law, the Agency's Financial Report for fiscal year 2024; 
     to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs.
        EC-6683. A communication from the Chairman of the Railroad 
     Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board's 
     Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period 
     from April 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
        EC-6684. A communication from the Chairman, Merit Systems 
     Protection Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board's 
     Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2024; to the 
     Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
       EC-6685. A communication from the Assistant Secretary for 
     Legislation, Office of the Secretary, Department of Health 
     and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
     Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Department's Agency 
     Financial Report for fiscal year 2024; to the Committee on 
     Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
       EC-6686. A communication from the Director of the 
     Regulatory Secretariat Division, Office of the General 
     Counsel, General Services Administration, transmitting, 
     pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ``General 
     Services Administration Acquisition Regulation; SAM 
     Representation for Leases'' (RIN3090-AK22) received during 
     adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of 
     the Senate on November 22, 2024; to the Committee on Homeland 
     Security and Governmental Affairs.
       EC-6687. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief 
     Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, 
     pursuant to law, the Administration's Semiannual Report of 
     the Inspector General and the Semiannual Management Report on 
     the Status of Audits for the period from April 1, 2024 
     through September 30, 2024; to the Committee on Homeland 
     Security and Governmental Affairs.
       EC-6688. A communication from the Director, Office of 
     Acquisition Policy, General Services Administration, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
     ``Federal Acquisition Regulation; FAR Case 2024-002, 
     Prohibition on Unmanned Aircraft Systems from Covered Foreign 
     Entities'' (RIN9000-AO70) received in the Office of the 
     President of the Senate on November 21, 2024; to the 
     Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
       EC-6689. A communication from the Director, Office of 
     Acquisition Policy, General Services Administration, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
     ``Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition 
     Circular 2025-01, Small Entity Compliance Guide'' (FAC 2025-
     01) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
     November 21, 2024; to the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs.
       EC-6690. A communication from the Chairman and Chief 
     Executive and Administrative Officer, Federal Labor Relations 
     Authority, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of 
     Inspector General Semiannual Report for the period of April 
     1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 received in the Office of 
     the President pro tempore; to the Committee on Homeland 
     Security and Governmental Affairs.
       EC-6691. A communication from the Assistant Secretary, 
     Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, 
     pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the 
     Department's Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2024; to 
     the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
       EC-6692. A joint communication from the Acting Secretary of 
     Labor and the Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty 
     Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation's 
     Annual Report for fiscal year 2024; to the Committee on 
     Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
       EC-6693. A communication from the Director, Office of 
     Administration, Executive Office of the President, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to 
     transactions from the Unanticipated Needs Account for fiscal 
     year 2024; to the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs.
       EC-6694. A communication from the Assistant Chief Counsel 
     for Regulations and Security Standards, Transportation 
     Security Administration, Department of Homeland Security, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
     ``Minimum Standards for Driver's Licenses and Identification 
     Cards Acceptable by Federal Agencies for Official Purposes; 
     Waiver for Mobile Driver's Licenses'' (RIN1652-AA76) received 
     in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 21, 
     2024; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs.
       EC-6695. A communication from the Assistant Secretary for 
     Legislative Affairs, Department of the Treasury, 
     transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Reports from 
     the Treasury Inspector General and the Treasury Inspector 
     General for Tax Administration for the period from April 1, 
     2024, through September 30, 2024; to the Committee on 
     Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
       EC-6696. A communication from the Commissioner, Social 
     Security Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
     Administration's Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 
     2024; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs.
       EC-6697. A communication from the Secretary of the 
     Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department's 
     Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2024; to the 
     Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
       EC-6698. A communication from the Chairman of the United 
     States International Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant 
     to law, the Commission's Agency Financial Report for fiscal 
     year 2024; to the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs.
       EC-6699. A communication from the Director, National 
     Science Foundation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
     Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Foundation's fiscal 
     year 2024 Agency Financial Report; to the Committee on 
     Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
       EC-6700. A communication from the Administrator of the 
     General Services Administration, transmitting, pursuant to 
     law, the Administration's Agency Financial Report for fiscal 
     year 2024; to the Committee on Homeland Security and 
     Governmental Affairs.

                          ____________________








[Page S6820]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         REPORTS OF COMMITTEES

  The following reports of committees were submitted:

       By Mr. SCHATZ, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with 
     an amendment in the nature of a substitute:
       S. 1898. A bill to amend the Northwestern New Mexico Rural 
     Water Projects Act to make improvements to that Act, and for 
     other purposes (Rept. No. 118-259).
       S. 4442. A bill to amend the Crow Tribe Water Rights 
     Settlement Act of 2010 to make improvements to that Act, and 
     for other purposes (Rept. No. 118-260).
       By Mr. SCHATZ, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, 
     without amendment:
       S. 4505. A bill to approve the settlement of water rights 
     claims of Ohkay Owingeh in the Rio Chama Stream System, to 
     restore the Bosque on Pueblo Land in the State of New Mexico, 
     and for other purposes (Rept. No. 118-261).
       S. 4643. A bill to approve the settlement of water rights 
     claims of the Zuni Indian Tribe in the Zuni River Stream 
     System in the State of New Mexico, to protect the Zuni Salt 
     Lake, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 118-262).
       S. 4998. A bill to approve the settlement of water rights 
     claims of the Navajo Nation in the Rio San Jose Stream System 
     in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 
     118-263).

                          ____________________








[Pages S6820-S6821]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS

  The following bills and joint resolutions were introduced, read the 
first and second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated:

           By Mr. COTTON (for himself and Mr. Kaine):
       S. 5419. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and 
     Human Services to maintain a

[[Page S6821]]

     list of the country of origin of certain critical drugs 
     marketed in the United States, and for other purposes; to the 
     Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions.
           By Ms. WARREN:
       S. 5420. A bill to amend the Congressional Budget and 
     Impoundment Control Act of 1974 by requiring a distribution 
     analysis of a bill or resolution under certain circumstances, 
     and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget.
           By Mr. RISCH:
       S. 5421. A bill to provide enhanced provisions for advanced 
     nuclear energy projects receiving loan guarantees through the 
     Department of Energy, and for other purposes; to the 
     Committee on Finance.
           By Mr. MERKLEY:
       S. 5422. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
     to provide a contribution limit and increased minimum 
     distributions for certain retirement plans with large account 
     balances; to the Committee on Finance.
           By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Ms. Duckworth):
       S. 5423. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality 
     Act to promote family unity, and for other purposes; to the 
     Committee on the Judiciary.
           By Mr. MARSHALL:
       S. 5424. A bill to prohibit gender transition procedures on 
     minors, to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human 
     Services to impose civil penalties on persons who perform 
     gender transition procedures on minors, and for other 
     purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
     Pensions.
           By Mr. KENNEDY:
       S. 5425. A bill to require congressional approval for rules 
     that are expected to cost not less than $50,000,000 annually, 
     and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security 
     and Governmental Affairs.
           By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. Ossoff, and Mr. 
             Lankford):
       S. 5426. A bill to require the Science and Technology 
     Directorate in the Department of Homeland Security to develop 
     greater capacity to detect and identify illicit substances in 
     very low concentrations; to the Committee on Homeland 
     Security and Governmental Affairs.
           By Mr. KENNEDY:
       S. 5427. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to 
     prohibit Federal funding for the Corporation for Public 
     Broadcasting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
     Commerce, Science, and Transportation.
           By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mrs. Shaheen, Mr. 
             Blumenthal, Mr. Booker, Mr. Van Hollen, Mrs. 
             Gillibrand, Ms. Baldwin, Ms. Klobuchar, Ms. Rosen, 
             Mr. Wyden, Ms. Stabenow, Mr. Merkley, and Mr. Welch):
       S. 5428. A bill to provide women with increased access to 
     preventative and life-saving cancer screening; to the 
     Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions.

                          ____________________








[Page S6821]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

  SA 3310. Mr. PADILLA (for Ms. Stabenow (for herself, Mr. Vance, Ms. 
Klobuchar, Mr. Young, Ms. Duckworth, Mr. Brown, Ms. Baldwin, Mr. 
Durbin, Mrs. Gillibrand, Ms. Smith, Mr. Peters, Mr. Fetterman, Mr. 
Schumer, and Mr. Casey)) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3738, to 
reauthorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, and for other 
purposes; as follows:

       Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the 
     following:

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Great Lakes Restoration 
     Initiative Act of 2024'' or the ``GLRI Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIATIVE REAUTHORIZATION.

       Section 118(c)(7)(J)(i)(VI) of the Federal Water Pollution 
     Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(c)(7)(J)(i)(VI)) is amended by 
     striking ``fiscal year 2026'' and inserting ``each of fiscal 
     years 2026 through 2031''.
                                 ______








[Page S6821]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED

       SA 3310. Mr. PADILLA (for Ms. Stabenow (for herself, Mr. 
     Vance, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Young, Ms. Duckworth, Mr. Brown, 
     Ms. Baldwin, Mr. Durbin, Mrs. Gillibrand, Ms. Smith, Mr. 
     Peters, Mr. Fetterman, Mr. Schumer, and Mr. Casey)) proposed 
     an amendment to the bill S. 3738, to reauthorize the Great 
     Lakes Restoration Initiative, and for other purposes.
       SA 3311. Mr. PADILLA (for Ms. Baldwin (for herself and Ms. 
     Ernst)) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3242, to amend 
     the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to revise the shareholder 
     threshold for registration under that Act for issuers that 
     receive support through certain Federal universal service 
     support mechanisms, and for other purposes.

                          ____________________








[Page S6821]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS


                                 S. 198

  At the request of Mr. Barrasso, the name of the Senator from Michigan 
(Mr. Peters) was added as a cosponsor of S. 198, a bill to amend title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to modernize provisions relating to 
rural health clinics under Medicare.


                                S. 1110

  At the request of Mr. Casey, the name of the Senator from Louisiana 
(Mr. Kennedy) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1110, a bill to amend 
title XVIII of the Social Security Act to rebase the calculation of 
payments for sole community hospitals and Medicare-dependent hospitals, 
and for other purposes.


                                S. 1673

  At the request of Ms. Cortez Masto, the names of the Senator from 
Arizona (Mr. Kelly) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. Mullin) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1673, a bill to amend title XVIII to protect 
patient access to ground ambulance services under the Medicare program.


                                S. 1800

  At the request of Ms. Murkowski, the name of the Senator from 
Michigan (Mr. Peters) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1800, a bill to 
amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and extend the Fetal 
Alcohol Spectrum Disorders Prevention and Services program, and for 
other purposes.


                                S. 1840

  At the request of Ms. Baldwin, the name of the Senator from South 
Dakota (Mr. Rounds) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1840, a bill to 
amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and improve the 
National Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Detection Program for fiscal 
years 2024 through 2028, and for other purposes.


                                S. 3047

  At the request of Mr. Rubio, the name of the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. Warnock) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3047, a bill to award 
payments to employees of Air America who provided support to the United 
States from 1950 to 1976, and for other purposes.


                                S. 3751

  At the request of Mr. Ossoff, the name of the Senator from California 
(Mr. Padilla) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3751, a bill to expand and 
modify the grant program of the Department of Veterans Affairs to 
provide innovative transportation options to veterans in highly rural 
areas, and for other purposes.


                                S. 3967

  At the request of Mr. Scott of South Carolina, the names of the 
Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Tillis) and the Senator from Delaware 
(Mr. Coons) were added as cosponsors of S. 3967, a bill to amend title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to make permanent certain telehealth 
flexibilities under the Medicare program.


                                S. 4352

  At the request of Mr. Warnock, the name of the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. Ossoff) was added as a cosponsor of S. 4352, a bill to amend the 
National Trails System Act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to 
conduct a study on the feasibility of designating the Benton MacKaye 
Trail as a national scenic trail.


                                S. 4373

  At the request of Mr. Paul, the name of the Senator from Michigan 
(Mr. Peters) was added as a cosponsor of S. 4373, a bill to provide for 
congressional approval of national emergency declarations.


                                S. 4516

  At the request of Mr. Lankford, his name was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 4516, a bill to ensure equal protection of the law, to prevent 
racism in the Federal Government, and for other purposes.


                                S. 5062

  At the request of Mrs. Blackburn, the name of the Senator from Iowa 
(Ms. Ernst) was added as a cosponsor of S. 5062, a bill to address 
sexual harrassment and sexual assault of Bureau of Prisons staff in 
prisons, and for other purposes.


                                S. 5399

  At the request of Mr. Whitehouse, the name of the Senator from New 
Jersey (Mr. Booker) was added as a cosponsor of S. 5399, a bill to 
amend title 11, United States Code, to provide bankruptcy protections 
for medically distressed debtors, and for other purposes.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6821-S6822]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

  SA 3311. Mr. PADILLA (for Ms. Baldwin (for herself and Ms. Ernst)) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3242, to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to revise the shareholder threshold for 
registration under that Act for

[[Page S6822]]

issuers that receive support through certain Federal universal service 
support mechanisms, and for other purposes; as follows:

       Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the 
     following:

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Access to Capital Creates 
     Economic Strength and Supports Rural America Act'' or the 
     ``ACCESS Rural America Act''.

     SEC. 2. EXEMPTION FROM CERTAIN REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS.

       Section 12(g)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 
     U.S.C. 78l(g)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the 
     following:
       ``(I) any security where--
       ``(i) the issuer of the security, during its previous 
     fiscal year--
       ``(I) received support through the Federal universal 
     service support mechanism for rural, insular, and high cost 
     areas established under section 254 of the Communications Act 
     of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 254); and
       ``(II) with respect to such fiscal year, not later than 120 
     days after the last day of such fiscal year, filed with the 
     Commission a financial summary form that--

       ``(aa) the issuer also delivered to each holder of record; 
     and
       ``(bb) included--

       ``(AA) a summary of the consolidated balance sheet and 
     consolidated income statement of the issuer; and
       ``(BB) such other financially material information as the 
     Commission determines is necessary and appropriate in the 
     public interest and for the protection of investors;
       ``(ii) as of the last day of the previous fiscal year of 
     the issuer of the security, the security is held of record 
     by--
       ``(I) more than 500 persons that are not accredited 
     investors; and
       ``(II) fewer than 2,000 persons; and
       ``(iii) the issuer of the security has total assets of not 
     more than $10,000,000, which the Commission shall index for 
     inflation every 5 years to reflect the change in the Consumer 
     Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau 
     of Labor Statistics, rounded to the nearest $100,000.''.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6821-S6822]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                           TEXT OF AMENDMENTS

  SA 3310. Mr. PADILLA (for Ms. Stabenow (for herself, Mr. Vance, Ms. 
Klobuchar, Mr. Young, Ms. Duckworth, Mr. Brown, Ms. Baldwin, Mr. 
Durbin, Mrs. Gillibrand, Ms. Smith, Mr. Peters, Mr. Fetterman, Mr. 
Schumer, and Mr. Casey)) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3738, to 
reauthorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, and for other 
purposes; as follows:

       Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the 
     following:

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Great Lakes Restoration 
     Initiative Act of 2024'' or the ``GLRI Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIATIVE REAUTHORIZATION.

       Section 118(c)(7)(J)(i)(VI) of the Federal Water Pollution 
     Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(c)(7)(J)(i)(VI)) is amended by 
     striking ``fiscal year 2026'' and inserting ``each of fiscal 
     years 2026 through 2031''.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 3311. Mr. PADILLA (for Ms. Baldwin (for herself and Ms. Ernst)) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3242, to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to revise the shareholder threshold for 
registration under that Act for

[[Page S6822]]

issuers that receive support through certain Federal universal service 
support mechanisms, and for other purposes; as follows:

       Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the 
     following:

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Access to Capital Creates 
     Economic Strength and Supports Rural America Act'' or the 
     ``ACCESS Rural America Act''.

     SEC. 2. EXEMPTION FROM CERTAIN REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS.

       Section 12(g)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 
     U.S.C. 78l(g)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the 
     following:
       ``(I) any security where--
       ``(i) the issuer of the security, during its previous 
     fiscal year--
       ``(I) received support through the Federal universal 
     service support mechanism for rural, insular, and high cost 
     areas established under section 254 of the Communications Act 
     of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 254); and
       ``(II) with respect to such fiscal year, not later than 120 
     days after the last day of such fiscal year, filed with the 
     Commission a financial summary form that--

       ``(aa) the issuer also delivered to each holder of record; 
     and
       ``(bb) included--

       ``(AA) a summary of the consolidated balance sheet and 
     consolidated income statement of the issuer; and
       ``(BB) such other financially material information as the 
     Commission determines is necessary and appropriate in the 
     public interest and for the protection of investors;
       ``(ii) as of the last day of the previous fiscal year of 
     the issuer of the security, the security is held of record 
     by--
       ``(I) more than 500 persons that are not accredited 
     investors; and
       ``(II) fewer than 2,000 persons; and
       ``(iii) the issuer of the security has total assets of not 
     more than $10,000,000, which the Commission shall index for 
     inflation every 5 years to reflect the change in the Consumer 
     Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau 
     of Labor Statistics, rounded to the nearest $100,000.''.

                          ____________________








[Page S6822]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




               SECOND CHANCE REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2024

  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of 
S. 4477 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (S. 4477) to reauthorize the Second Chance Act of 
     2007.

  There being no objection, the committee was discharged, and the 
Senate proceeded to consider the bill.
  Mr. PADILLA. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read 
a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered 
made and laid upon the table.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The bill (S. 4477) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, 
was read the third time, and passed, as follows:

                                S. 4477

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Second Chance 
     Reauthorization Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. IMPROVEMENTS TO EXISTING PROGRAMS.

       (a) State and Local Reentry Demonstration Projects.--
     Section 2976 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe 
     Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10631) is amended--
       (1) in subsection (b)--
       (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ``and'' at the end;
       (B) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end; 
     and
       (C) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(9) treating substance use disorders, including by 
     providing peer recovery services, case management, and access 
     to overdose education and overdose reversal medications; and
       ``(10) providing reentry housing services.''; and
       (2) in subsection (o)(1), by striking ``2019 through 2023'' 
     and inserting ``2025 through 2029''.
       (b) Grants for Family-Based Substance Abuse Treatment.--
     Section 2926(a) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets 
     Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10595a(a)) is amended by striking 
     ``2019 through 2023'' and inserting ``2025 through 2029''.
       (c) Grant Program To Evaluate and Improve Educational 
     Methods at Prisons, Jails, and Juvenile Facilities.--Section 
     1001(a)(28) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act 
     of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10261(a)(28)) is amended by striking 
     ``2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023'' and inserting ``2025 
     through 2029''.
       (d) Careers Training Demonstration Grants.--Section 115(f) 
     of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60511(f)) is 
     amended by striking ``2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023'' and 
     inserting ``2025 through 2029''.
       (e) Offender Reentry Substance Abuse and Criminal Justice 
     Collaboration Program.--Section 201(f)(1) of the Second 
     Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60521(f)(1)) is amended by 
     striking ``2019 through 2023'' and inserting ``2025 through 
     2029''.
       (f) Community-Based Mentoring and Transitional Service 
     Grants to Nonprofit Organizations.--Section 211(f) of the 
     Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60531(f)) is amended by 
     striking ``2019 through 2023'' and inserting ``2025 through 
     2029''.

                          ____________________








[Page S6822]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




             GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIATIVE ACT OF 2024

  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 366, S. 3738.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (S. 3738) to reauthorize the Great Lakes Restoration 
     Initiative, and for other purposes.

  There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, 
which had been reported from the Committee on Environment and Public 
Works.
  Mr. PADILLA. I ask unanimous consent that the Stabenow substitute 
amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to and that the bill, as 
amended, be considered read a third time.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The amendment (No. 3310) in the nature of a substitute was agreed to, 
as follows:

                (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute)

        Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the 
     following:

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Great Lakes Restoration 
     Initiative Act of 2024'' or the ``GLRI Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIATIVE REAUTHORIZATION.

       Section 118(c)(7)(J)(i)(VI) of the Federal Water Pollution 
     Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(c)(7)(J)(i)(VI)) is amended by 
     striking ``fiscal year 2026'' and inserting ``each of fiscal 
     years 2026 through 2031''.

  The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read 
the third time.
  Mr. PADILLA. I know of no further debate on the bill, as amended.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate?
  If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, 
Shall the bill pass?
  The bill (S. 3738), as amended, was passed.
  Mr. PADILLA. I ask that the motion to reconsider be considered made 
and laid upon the table.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Page S6822]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR

  Mr. RICKETTS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
following interns in my office be granted floor privileges until 
December, 6, 2024: Phoebe Coote and Emmanuel Ogundipe.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Page S6822]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET

  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I have one request for committee to 
meet during today's session of the Senate. It has the approval of the 
Majority and Minority Leaders.
  Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the 
Senate, the following committee is authorized to meet during today's 
session of the Senate:


                     subcommittee on investigations

  The Subcommittee on Investigations of the Committee on Homeland 
Security and Governmental Affairs is authorized to meet during the 
session of the Senate on Wednesday, December 4, 2024, at 10 a.m., to 
conduct a hearing.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6822-S6823]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




        FIREFIGHTER CANCER REGISTRY REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2023

  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from 
and the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 3821.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (H.R. 3821) to reauthorize the Firefighter Cancer 
     Registry Act of 2018.

  There being no objection, the committee was discharged, and the 
Senate proceeded to consider the bill.

[[Page S6823]]

  

  Mr. PADILLA. I further ask that the bill be considered read a third 
time.
  The bill was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time.
  Mr. PADILLA. I know of no further debate on the bill.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate?
  If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, 
Shall the bill pass?
  The bill (H.R. 3821) was passed.
  Mr. PADILLA. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be 
considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or 
debate.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Page S6823]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




               NATIONAL HOSPICE AND PALLIATIVE CARE MONTH

  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration and 
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 910.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

       A resolution (S. Res. 910) designating November 2024 as 
     ``National Hospice and Palliative Care Month''.

  There being no objection, the committee was discharged, and the 
Senate proceeded to consider the resolution.
  Mr. PADILLA. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed 
to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be 
considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or 
debate.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The resolution (S. Res. 910) was agreed to.
  The preamble was agreed to.
  (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the Record of 
November 21, 2024, under ``Submitted Resolutions.'')

                          ____________________








[Page S6823]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      VSO EQUAL TAX TREATMENT ACT

  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 1432, which was received 
from the House.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (H.R. 1432) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
     1986 to provide for the deductibility of charitable 
     contributions to certain organizations for members of the 
     Armed Forces.

  There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill.
  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill 
be considered read a third time.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The bill was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time.
  Mr. PADILLA. I know of no further debate on the bill.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate?
  If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, 
Shall the bill pass?
  The bill (H.R. 1432) was passed.
  Mr. PADILLA. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be 
considered made and laid upon the table.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Page S6823]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




ACCESS TO CAPITAL CREATES ECONOMIC STRENGTH AND SUPPORTS RURAL AMERICA 
                                  ACT

  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee be discharged from and 
the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 3242.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (S. 3242) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 
     1934 to revise the shareholder threshold for registration 
     under that Act for issuers that receive support through 
     certain Federal universal service support mechanisms, and for 
     other purposes.

  There being no objection, the committee was discharged, and the 
Senate proceeded to consider the bill.
  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I further ask that the Baldwin 
substitute amendment, which is at the desk, be considered and agreed 
to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and 
passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid 
upon the table with no intervening action or debate.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The amendment (No. 3311) in the nature of a substitute was agreed to 
as follows:

                (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute)

        Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the 
     following:

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Access to Capital Creates 
     Economic Strength and Supports Rural America Act'' or the 
     ``ACCESS Rural America Act''.

     SEC. 2. EXEMPTION FROM CERTAIN REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS.

       Section 12(g)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 
     U.S.C. 78l(g)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the 
     following:
       ``(I) any security where--
       ``(i) the issuer of the security, during its previous 
     fiscal year--
       ``(I) received support through the Federal universal 
     service support mechanism for rural, insular, and high cost 
     areas established under section 254 of the Communications Act 
     of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 254); and
       ``(II) with respect to such fiscal year, not later than 120 
     days after the last day of such fiscal year, filed with the 
     Commission a financial summary form that--

       ``(aa) the issuer also delivered to each holder of record; 
     and
       ``(bb) included--

       ``(AA) a summary of the consolidated balance sheet and 
     consolidated income statement of the issuer; and
       ``(BB) such other financially material information as the 
     Commission determines is necessary and appropriate in the 
     public interest and for the protection of investors;
       ``(ii) as of the last day of the previous fiscal year of 
     the issuer of the security, the security is held of record 
     by--
       ``(I) more than 500 persons that are not accredited 
     investors; and
       ``(II) fewer than 2,000 persons; and
       ``(iii) the issuer of the security has total assets of not 
     more than $10,000,000, which the Commission shall index for 
     inflation every 5 years to reflect the change in the Consumer 
     Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau 
     of Labor Statistics, rounded to the nearest $100,000.''.

  The bill (S. 3242), as amended, was ordered to be engrossed for a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6823-S6824]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                CONNECTED MATERNAL ONLINE MONITORING ACT

  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
Committee on Finance be discharged from further consideration of S. 712 
and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (S. 712) to identify and address barriers to 
     coverage of remote physiologic devices under State Medicaid 
     programs to improve maternal and child health outcomes for 
     pregnant and postpartum women.

  There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill.
  Mr. PADILLA. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read 
a third time.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read 
the third time.
  Mr. PADILLA. I know of no further debate on the bill.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate on the bill, the 
bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill 
pass?
  The bill (S. 712) was passed as follows:

                                 S. 712

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Connected Maternal Online 
     Monitoring Act'' or the ``Connected MOM Act''.

     SEC. 2. COVERAGE OF REMOTE PHYSIOLOGIC MONITORING DEVICES AND 
                   IMPACT ON MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH OUTCOMES 
                   UNDER MEDICAID.

       (a) Report to Congress.--Not later than 18 months after the 
     date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and 
     Human Services shall submit to Congress a report containing 
     information on authorities and State practices for covering 
     remote physiological monitoring devices, including 
     limitations and barriers to such coverage and the impact on 
     maternal health outcomes, and to the extent appropriate, 
     recommendations on how to address such limitations or 
     barriers related to coverage of remote physiologic devices 
     under State Medicaid programs, including, but not limited to, 
     pulse oximeters,

[[Page S6824]]

     blood pressure cuffs, scales, and blood glucose monitors, 
     with the goal of improving maternal and child health outcomes 
     for pregnant and postpartum women enrolled in State Medicaid 
     programs.
       (b) State Resources.--Not later than 6 months after the 
     submission of the report required by subsection (a), the 
     Secretary shall update resources for State Medicaid programs, 
     such as State Medicaid telehealth toolkits, to be consistent 
     with the recommendations provided in such report.
  Mr. PADILLA. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be 
considered made and laid upon the table.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Page S6824]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                             CONFIRMATIONS

  Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate December 4, 2024:


                             THE JUDICIARY

       ANTHONY J. BRINDISI, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES 
     DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
       ELIZABETH C. COOMBE, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES 
     DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.








[Page S6824]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW

  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, if there is no further business to come 
before the Senate, I ask that it stand adjourned under the previous 
order.
  There being no objection, the Senate, at 8:08 p.m., adjourned until 
Thursday, December 5, 2024, at 10 a.m.

                          ____________________








[Page S6824]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 2024

  Mr. PADILLA. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the 
Senate completes its business today, it stand adjourned until 10 a.m. 
on Thursday, December 5; that following the prayer and pledge, the 
Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the morning hour be deemed 
expired, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later 
in the day, and morning business be closed; that following the 
conclusion of morning business, the Senate proceed to executive session 
to resume consideration of the Johnson nomination; further, that at 
11:30 a.m. the Senate vote on confirmation of the Davenport nomination, 
as under the order of December 4, and that upon disposition of the 
Davenport nomination, the Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture 
on the Johnson nomination; that following the cloture vote, the Senate 
resume consideration of the Neary nomination; further, that at 1:45 
p.m. the Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the Neary 
nomination; finally, that if any nominations are confirmed during 
Thursday's session, the motions to reconsider be considered made and 
laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the 
Senate's action.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________





