Congressional Record Volume 170, Issue 178



[Daily Digest]
[Pages D1088-D1089]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                                          Tuesday, December 3, 2024

[[Page D1088]]

                              Daily Digest


HIGHLIGHTS

      See Resume of Congressional Activity.


                                 Senate


Chamber Action
Routine Proceedings, pages S6763-S6790
Measures Introduced: Ten bills and three resolutions were introduced, 
as follows: S. 5409-5418, and S. Res. 919-921.               
  Page S6780
Measures Passed:
  Colorado River Salinity Control Fix Act:  Committee on Agriculture, 
Nutrition, and Forestry was discharged from further consideration of S. 
2514, to amend the Colorado River Basin Salinity Control Act to modify 
certain requirements applicable to salinity control units, and the bill 
was then passed.                                         
  Pages S6785-86
  Grant Transparency Act:  Senate passed H.R. 5536, to require 
transparency in notices of funding opportunity.              
  Page S6786
  Shirley Chisholm Congressional Gold Medal Act:  Committee on Banking, 
Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further consideration of 
S. 4243, to award posthumously the Congressional Gold Medal to Shirley 
Chisholm, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following 
amendment proposed thereto:                                  
  Page S6786
  Schumer (for Butler) Amendment No. 3308, of a perfecting nature. 
                                                             Page S6786
  National Advisory Council on Indian Education Improvement Act:  
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was discharged from 
further consideration of S. 5355, to ensure that the National Advisory 
Council on Indian Education includes at least 1 member who is the 
president of a Tribal College or University, and the bill was then 
passed.                                                  
  Pages S6786-87
  Invent Here, Make Here Act:  Senate passed S. 1956, to improve the 
commercialization of Federal research by domestic manufacturers, after 
agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                         Pages S6787-88
  Think Differently Transportation Act:  Senate passed S. 4107, to 
require Amtrak to report to Congress information on Amtrak compliance 
with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 with respect to trains 
and stations, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature 
of a substitute.                                             
  Page S6788
  Amending the Marine Debris Act:  Senate passed S. 3277, to amend the 
Marine Debris Act to reauthorize the Marine Debris Program of the 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.             
  Page S6788
  Tools to Address Known Exploitation by Immobilizing Technological 
Deepfakes on Websites and Networks Act:  Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation was discharged from further consideration 
of S. 4569, to require covered platforms to remove nonconsensual 
intimate visual depictions, and the bill was then passed, after 
agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:    
  Pages S6788-89
  Schumer (for Cruz/Klobuchar) Amendment No. 3309, in the nature of a 
substitute                                                   
Page S6789
  Commission to Study the Potential Transfer of the Weitzman National 
Museum of American Jewish History to the Smithsonian Institution Act:  
Committee on Rules and Administration was discharged from further 
consideration of H.R. 7764, to establish a commission to study the 
potential transfer of the Weitzman National Museum of American Jewish 
History to the Smithsonian Institution, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                             Page S6789
  National Homeless Children and Youth Awareness Month:  Senate agreed 
to S. Res. 920, designating November 2024 as ``National Homeless 
Children and Youth Awareness Month''.                        
  Page S6789
  Remembering the Terrorist Attack at Naval Air Station Pensacola:  
Senate agreed to S. Res. 921, remembering the December 6, 2019 
terrorist attack at Naval Air Station Pensacola and commemorating

[[Page D1089]]

those who lost their lives, and those who were injured, in the line of 
duty.                                                        
  Page S6789
Appointments:
  Commission on the Future of the Navy:  The Chair, on behalf of the 
Republican Leader, pursuant to Public Law 117-263, and jointly with the 
Speaker of the House, announced the appointment of the following 
individual to serve as a Co-Chairperson of the Commission on the Future 
of the Navy: Ms. Mackenzie Eaglen of Virginia.               
  Page S6785
Brindisi Nomination--Agreement: Senate continued consideration of the 
nomination of Anthony J. Brindisi, of New York, to be United States 
District Judge for the Northern District of New York.    
  Pages S6763-66
  A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing for further 
consideration of the nomination at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, 
December 4, 2024; and that the motions to invoke cloture filed during 
the session of the Senate on Monday, December 2, 2024, ripen at 11:45 
a.m., on Wednesday, December 4, 2024.                        
Page S6789
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the following nominations:
  By 50 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. EX. 306), Sparkle L. Sooknanan, of 
the District of Columbia, to be United States District Judge for the 
District of Columbia.                                    
Pages S6766-67
  By 50 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. EX. 307), Catherine Henry, of 
Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern 
District of Pennsylvania.                                
Pages S6767-75
  By 50 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. EX. 308), Gail A. Weilheimer, of 
Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern 
District of Pennsylvania.                                    
Page S6775
  2 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of general.     
Pages S6789-90
Additional Cosponsors:                                   
  Pages S6780-82
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions:              
  Pages S6782-83
Additional Statements:                                   
  Pages S6779-80
Amendments Submitted:                                    
  Pages S6783-85
Authorities for Committees to Meet:                          
  Page S6785
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total--308) 
                                                  Pages S6767-68, S6775
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12 noon and adjourned at 7:22 p.m., 
until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, December 4, 2024. (For Senate's program, 
see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today's Record on page 
S6789.)








[Daily Digest]
[Page D1089]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

Committee Meetings
(Committees not listed did not meet)
INTELLIGENCE
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to 
receive a briefing on certain intelligence matters from officials of 
the intelligence community.








[Daily Digest]
[Pages D1089-D1091]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





                        House of Representatives


Chamber Action
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 14 public bills, H.R. 10267-
10280; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 1603-1605, were introduced. 
                                                         Pages H6292-93
Additional Cosponsors:                                   
  Pages H6294-95
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows:
  H.J. Res. 96, to approve the 2023 Agreement to Amend the U.S.-FSM 
Compact, and related agreements, between the Government of the United 
States of America and the Government of the Federated States of 
Micronesia, the 2023 Agreement to Amend the U.S.-RMI Compact, and 
certain related agreements between the Government of the United States 
of America and the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands, 
and the 2023 U.S.-Palau Compact Review Agreement between the Government 
of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of 
Palau, to appropriate funds to carry out the agreements, and for other 
purposes (H. Rept. 118-785, Part 1);
  H.R. 758, to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to 
establish a 3-year phase-in period for de novo financial institutions 
to comply with Federal capital standards, to provide relief for de novo 
rural community banks, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. 
Rept. 118-786);
  H.R. 7428, to regulate the business of offering and providing earned 
wage access services to consumers, and for other purposes, with an 
amendment (H. Rept. 118-787);

[[Page D1090]]


  H.R. 8337, to amend the Federal banking laws to improve the safety 
and soundness of the United States banking system, and for other 
purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 118-788);
  H.R. 8338, to regulate small-dollar, short-term credit products, to 
protect the privacy of lenders, and to improve the unfair, deceptive, 
or abusive acts or practices authority of the Bureau of Consumer 
Financial Protection, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. 
Rept. 118-789);
  H.J. Res. 120, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 
8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the 
Financial Stability Oversight Council related to ``Guidance on Nonbank 
Financial Company Determinations'' (H. Rept. 118-790); and
  H. Res. 1602, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5349) to 
develop and disseminate a civic education curriculum and oral history 
resources regarding certain political ideologies, and for other 
purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 7198) to 
amend title 5, United States Code, to require greater transparency for 
Federal regulatory decisions that impact small businesses, and for 
other purposes (H. Rept. 118-791).                           
Page H6292
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed 
Representative Strong to act as Speaker pro tempore for today. 
                                                             Page H6209
Recess: The House recessed at 12:06 p.m. and reconvened at 2 p.m. 
                                                             Page H6210
Privileged Resolution--Intent to Offer: Representative Casten announced 
his intent to offer a privileged resolution.                 
  Page H6210
Commission on the Future of the Navy--Appointment: The Chair announced 
the joint appointment by the Speaker and the Republican Leader of the 
Senate of the following individual to serve as Co-Chair of the 
Commission on the Future of the Navy: Ms. Mackenzie Eaglen of 
Arlington, Virginia.                                     
  Pages H6211-12
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the 
following measures:
  Amending title 35, United States Code, to provide a good faith 
exception to the imposition of fines for false assertions and 
certifications: S. 3960, to amend title 35, United States Code, to 
provide a good faith exception to the imposition of fines for false 
assertions and certifications;                           
  Pages H6211-12
  Amending title 28, United States Code, to consolidate certain 
divisions in the Northern District of Alabama: H.R. 7177, amended, to 
amend title 28, United States Code, to consolidate certain divisions in 
the Northern District of Alabama;                        
  Pages H6212-13
  Amending title 28, United States Code, to authorize holding court for 
the Central Division of Utah in Moab and Monticello: H.R. 8666, to 
amend title 28, United States Code, to authorize holding court for the 
Central Division of Utah in Moab and Monticello;         
  Pages H6213-14
  Protecting Americans from Russian Litigation Act of 2024: H.R. 9563, 
to amend title 28, United States Code, to limit the availability of 
civil actions affected by United States sanctions;       
  Pages H6214-16
  Protecting American Industry and Labor from International Trade 
Crimes Act of 2024: H.R. 9151, amended, to strengthen the Department of 
Justice's enforcement against trade-related crimes;      
  Pages H6216-18
  Making improvements in the enactment of title 41, United States Code, 
into a positive law title and to improve the Code: H.R. 7324, to make 
improvements in the enactment of title 41, United States Code, into a 
positive law title and to improve the Code;              
  Pages H6219-34
  Making technical amendments to title 49, United States Code, as 
necessary to improve the Code: H.R. 7341, to make technical amendments 
to title 49, United States Code, as necessary to improve the Code; 
                                                         Pages H6234-35
  Making revisions in title 51, United States Code, as necessary to 
keep the title current, and to make technical amendments to improve the 
United States Code: H.R. 7339, to make revisions in title 51, United 
States Code, as necessary to keep the title current, and to make 
technical amendments to improve the United States Code; 
                                                         Pages H6235-51
  Making improvements in the enactment of title 54, United States Code, 
into a positive law title and to correct related technical errors: H.R. 
7316, to make improvements in the enactment of title 54, United States 
Code, into a positive law title and to correct related technical 
errors:                                                  
  Pages H6251-55
  Amending chapters 4, 10, and 131 of title 5, United States Code, as 
necessary to keep those chapters current and to correct related 
technical errors: H.R. 7326, to amend chapters 4, 10, and 131 of title 
5, United States Code, as necessary to keep those chapters current and 
to correct related technical errors;                     
  Pages H6255-65
  Colorado River Salinity Control Fix Act: H.R. 7872, to amend the 
Colorado River Basin Salinity Control Act to modify certain 
requirements applicable to salinity control units;       
  Pages H6265-67
  Recognizing the Importance of Critical Minerals in Healthcare Act: 
H.R. 6395, to amend the Energy Act of 2020 to require the Secretary of 
the Interior

[[Page D1091]]

to include the Secretary of Health and Human Services in consultations 
regarding designations of critical minerals, elements, substances, and 
materials;                                               
  Pages H6267-68
  Fishery Improvement to Streamline untimely regulatory Hurdles post 
Emergency Situation Act: H.R. 5103, amended, to require the Director of 
the Office of Management and Budget to approve or deny spend plans 
within a certain amount of time;                         
  Pages H6268-69
  Utah State Parks Adjustment Act: H.R. 7332, amended, to require the 
Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to convey 
certain Federal land to the State of Utah for inclusion in certain 
State parks;                                             
  Pages H6269-70
  Designating the visitor and education center at Fort McHenry National 
Monument and Historic Shrine as the Paul S. Sarbanes Visitor and 
Education Center: H.R. 6826, to designate the visitor and education 
center at Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine as the 
Paul S. Sarbanes Visitor and Education Center;           
  Pages H6270-73
  America's Conservation Enhancement Reauthorization Act of 2024: S. 
3791, amended, to reauthorize the America's Conservation Enhancement 
Act, by a \2/3\ yea-and-nay vote of 366 yeas to 21 nays, Roll No. 479; 
and                                               
  Pages H6273-76, H6280
  Expanding the boundaries of the Atchafalaya National Heritage Area to 
include Lafourche Parish, Louisiana: H.R. 6843, to expand the 
boundaries of the Atchafalaya National Heritage Area to include 
Lafourche Parish, Louisiana.                             
  Pages H6278-79
Recess: The House recessed at 5:19 p.m. and reconvened at 6:30 p.m. 
                                                         Pages H6279-80
Privileged Resolution--Intent to Offer: Representative Cohen announced 
his intent to offer a privileged resolution.                 
  Page H6282
Suspensions--Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following 
measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were 
postponed.
  Lahaina National Heritage Area Study Act: H.R. 8219, amended, to 
require the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to assess the 
suitability and feasibility of designating certain land as the Lahaina 
National Heritage Area; and                              
  Pages H6276-78
  Maurice D. Hinchey Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area 
Enhancement Act: H.R. 390, to amend the Hudson River Valley National 
Heritage Area Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-333; 54 U.S.C. 320101 note) 
to include all of Saratoga and Washington Counties in the boundaries of 
the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area.              
  Page H6279
Senate Referrals: S. 3746 was held at the desk. S. 4305 was held at the 
desk.                                                        
  Page H6279
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and 
subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H6279.
Quorum Calls--Votes: One yea-and-nay vote developed during the 
proceedings of today and appears on page H6280.
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and adjourned at 8:24 p.m.








[Daily Digest]
[Pages D1091-D1092]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

Committee Meetings
CRUCIAL COMMUNISM TEACHING ACT; PROVE IT ACT OF 2024
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 5349, the 
``Crucial Communism Teaching Act''; and H.R. 7198, the ``Prove It Act 
of 2024''. The Committee granted, by a record vote of 9-2, a rule 
providing for consideration of H.R. 5349, the ``Crucial Communism 
Teaching Act'', and H.R. 7198, the ``Prove It Act of 2024''. The rule 
provides for consideration of H.R. 5349, the'' Crucial Communism 
Teaching Act'', under a structured rule. The rule waives all points of 
order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the 
amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on 
Education and the Workforce now printed in the bill shall be considered 
as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The 
rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as 
amended. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided 
and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the 
Committee on Education and the Workforce or their respective designees. 
The rule makes in order only the amendment printed in part A of the 
Rules Committee report. Each amendment shall be considered only in the 
order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated 
in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the 
time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the 
proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall 
not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule 
waives all points of order against the amendment printed in part A of 
the Rules Committee report. The rule provides one motion to recommit. 
The rule further provides for consideration of H.R. 7198, the ``Prove 
It Act of 2024'', under a structured rule. The rule waives all points 
of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the 
amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on 
the Judiciary now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted 
and the bill, as

[[Page D1092]]

amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of 
order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one 
hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and 
ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary or their 
respective designees. The rule makes in order only the amendment 
printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each amendment shall 
be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered 
only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, 
shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided 
and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject 
to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the 
question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment 
printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Finally, the rule 
provides one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from Chairman 
Foxx, and Representatives Scott of Virginia, Hageman, and Johnson of 
Georgia.

Joint Meetings
  No joint committee meetings were held.








[Daily Digest]
[Page D1092]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





                            NEW PUBLIC LAWS

     (For last listing of Public Laws, see Daily Digest, p. D1082)
  H.R. 1505, to modify the prohibition on recognition by United States 
courts of certain rights relating to certain marks, trade names, or 
commercial names. Signed on December 1, 2024. (Public Law 118-137)








[Daily Digest]
[Pages D1092-D1093]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





                   COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY,

                            DECEMBER 4, 2024

        (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated)


                                 Senate

  Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Permanent 
Subcommittee on Investigations, to hold hearings to examine new 
revelations about airline fees, 10 a.m., SD-342.


                                 House

  Committee on Education and Workforce,, Subcommittee on Early 
Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education, hearing entitled 
``Back to Basics: America's Founding, Civics, and Self-Government in 
K-12 Curricula'', 10:15 a.m., 2175 Rayburn.
  Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled 
``Innovation Revolution: How Technology is Shaping the Future of 
Finance'', 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn.
  Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Immigration Integrity, 
Security, and Enforcement, hearing entitled ``Oversight of U.S. 
Citizenship and Immigration Services'', 10:15 a.m., 2141 Rayburn.
  Committee on Oversight and Accountability, Select Subcommittee on 
the Coronavirus Pandemic, business meeting on Report on ``After 
Action Review of the COVID-19 Pandemic: The Lessons Learned and a 
Path Forward'', 10:30 a.m., 2247 Rayburn.
  Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Energy Policy, and Regulatory 
Affairs, hearing entitled ``Exposing the Truth on LNG: How the 
Administration Played Politics with America's Energy Future'', 2:30 
p.m., 2247 Rayburn.


* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was 
no accompanying report. A total of 101 written reports have been 
filed in the Senate, 447 reports have been filed in the House.

[[Page D1093]]








[Daily Digest]
[Page D1093]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                             Resume of Congressional Activity

                  SECOND SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED EIGHTEENTH CONGRESS


    The first table gives a comprehensive resume of all legislative 
business transacted by the Senate and House.
    The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the 
Senate by the President for Senate confirmation.

                               DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY


                            January 3 through November 30, 2024

                                               Senate             House             Total
     Days in session...............               157               150               . .
     Time in session...............     699 hrs., 15     528 hrs., 14               . .
     Congressional Record:
    Pages of proceedings...........             6,741             6,207               . .
    Extensions of Remarks..........               . .             1,200               . .
     Public bills enacted into law.                46                56               102
     Private bills enacted into law               . .               . .               . .
     Bills in conference...........               . .               . .               . .
     Measures passed, total........               419               531               950
    Senate bills...................                97                49               . .
    House bills....................                63               381               . .
    Senate joint resolutions.......                 3                 1               . .
    House joint resolutions........                 2                 4               . .
    Senate concurrent resolutions..                 8                 6               . .
    House concurrent resolutions...                11                14               . .
    Simple resolutions.............               235                76               . .
     Measures reported, total......             * 298               438               736
    Senate bills...................               242                 1               . .
    House bills....................                51               394               . .
    Senate joint resolutions.......               . .               . .               . .
    House joint resolutions........               . .                11               . .
    Senate concurrent resolutions..                 1               . .               . .
    House concurrent resolutions...               . .                 2               . .
    Simple resolutions.............                 4                30               . .
     Special reports...............                 8                 9               . .
     Conference reports............               . .               . .               . .
     Measures pending on calendar..               486               174               . .
     Measures introduced, total....             2,330             4,184             6,514
    Bills..........................             1,846             3,355               . .
    Joint resolutions..............                65               120               . .
    Concurrent resolutions.........                19                52               . .
    Simple resolutions.............               400               657               . .
     Quorum calls..................                 6                 1               . .
     Yea-and-nay votes.............               303               289               . .
     Recorded votes................               . .               188               . .
     Bills vetoed..................                 1                 2               . .
     Vetoes overridden.............               . .               . .               . .
                           DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS


                            January 3 through November 30, 2024

     Civilian nominees, totaling 377 (including 95 nominees 
       carried over from the First Session), disposed of as 
       follows:
         Confirmed..........................................151...
         Unconfirmed........................................216...
         Withdrawn...........................................10...

     Other Civilian nominees, totaling 2,398 (including 745 
       nominees carried over from the First Session), disposed 
       of as follows:
         Confirmed..........................................800...
         Unconfirmed......................................1,518...
         Withdrawn...........................................80...

     Air Force nominees, totaling 5,818 (including 111 nominees 
       carried over from the First Session), disposed of as 
       follows:
         Confirmed........................................5,208...
         Unconfirmed........................................610...

     Army nominees, totaling 6,640 (including 1,906 nominees 
       carried over from the First Session), disposed of as 
       follows:
         Confirmed........................................6,509...
         Unconfirmed........................................131...

     Navy nominees, totaling 5,352 (including 7 nominees 
       carried over from the First Session), disposed of as 
       follows:
         Confirmed........................................5,220...
         Unconfirmed........................................132...

     Marine Corps nominees, totaling 1,498 (including 6 
       nominees carried over from the First Session), disposed 
       of as follows:
         Confirmed........................................1,482...
         Unconfirmed.........................................16...
     Space Force nominees, totaling 448 (including 2 nominees 
       carried over from the First Session), disposed of as 
       follows:
         Confirmed..........................................445...
         Unconfirmed..........................................3...

                                Summary
     Total nominees carried over from the First Session...2,872
     Total nominees received this Session................19,659
     Total confirmed.....................................19,815
     Total unconfirmed....................................2,626
     Total withdrawn.........................................90
     Total returned to the White House........................0








[Daily Digest]
[Pages D1093-D1094]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


 The CONGRESSIONAL RECORD (USPS 087-390).

 The Periodicals postage is paid at Washington, D.C.
  The public proceedings of each House of Congress, as reported
  by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to
  directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by
  appropriate provisions of Title 44, United States Code,
  and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session,
  excepting very infrequent instances when two or more unusually
  small consecutive issues are printed one time.
 Public access to the Congressional Record is available online
  through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov,
  free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day
  the Congressional Record is published. For more information,
  contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
  Phone 202-512-1800, or 866-512-1800 (toll-free). E-Mail,
  contactcenter@gpo.gov.
 To place an order for any of these products, visit
  the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail
  orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis,
  MO 63197-9000, or phone orders to 866-512-1800 (toll-free),
  202-512-1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202-512-2104. Remit check or
  money order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use
  VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. 
 Following each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record
  is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the
  Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets.
 With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no
  restrictions on the republication of material from the
  Congressional Record.


  POSTMASTER:

  Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents,
  Congressional Record,
  U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402,
  along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.







[[Page D1094]]

_______________________________________________________________________


                       Next Meeting of the SENATE
                     10 a.m., Wednesday, December 4

                               
                             Senate Chamber
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consideration of the 
nomination of Anthony J. Brindisi, of New York, to be United States 
District Judge for the Northern District of New York, and vote on the 
motion to invoke cloture thereon at 11:45 a.m.
  Additional roll call votes are possible during Wednesday's session.

              Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
                     10 a.m., Wednesday, December 4

                               
                             House Chamber
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of measures under suspension of 
the Rules.
    
    
    
    
    
_______________________________________________________________________


            Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue
              HOUSE
  
Bean, Aaron, Fla., E1214
DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E1204, E1207, E1212
Deluzio, Christopher R., Pa., E1203
Edwards, Chuck, N.C., E1213
Fallon, Pat, Tex., E1204, E1206, E1211
Finstad, Brad, Minn., E1206
Garbarino, Andrew R., N.Y. E1206
Guest, Michael, Miss., E1207
LaMalfa, Doug, Calif., E1214
Lesko, Debbie, Ariz., E1204, E1211
Lopez, Greg, Colo., E1205, E1207, E1211
Mullin, Kevin, Calif., E1203, E1208, E1212
Phillips, Dean, Minn., E1207, E1214
Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E1204
Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1209
Slotkin, Elissa, Mich., E1206
Takano, Mark, Calif., E1205, E1211
Torres, Ritchie, N.Y., E1205
Van Drew, Jefferson, N.J., E1205, E1213
Van Duyne, Beth, Tex., E1203
Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E1208








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1203]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         TRIBUTE TO RICH HEDGES

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. KEVIN MULLIN

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Rich Hedges, Councilmember 
for the City of San Mateo, California, upon the conclusion of his 
tenure on the City Council after over five decades of community 
involvement and advocacy in the San Francisco Bay Area.
  I am honored to have worked alongside Rich on countless occasions and 
to call him a friend. He embodies the idea of living by your values and 
service to others.
  Rich was born in Kansas City, Missouri, where he was raised in a 
working-class family. He received his Bachelor of Science in Education 
from Emporia State University, before earning a Master's Degree in 
American Urban History from San Francisco State University. He moved to 
the City of San Mateo in 1970 where he and his wife Linda have lived 
for over 50 years and become invaluable members of the community.
  In 1974, Rich began a passionate, 28-year career in labor advocacy 
working for the United Food & Commercial Workers International Union. 
He rose to the position of Executive Assistant to the Director of 
Region Eight, and his tireless work supported labor rights of workers 
across Northern California and Hawaii.
  Outside of his professional career, Rich demonstrated extraordinary 
commitment to public service in his community. He has served on several 
boards, committees, and commissions throughout the region, including 
the San Mateo County Housing and Community Development Commission, the 
San Mateo Personnel Board, the San Mateo County Workforce Investment 
Board, the Policy Advisory Council to the Metropolitan Transportation 
Commission, and many others. He is a warm and familiar face to many in 
his community, serving on the Neighborhood Watch Board and as a 
representative to the United Homeowners Association.
  Rich applied his wealth of expertise in labor advocacy as a member of 
the Executive Board of the San Mateo County Central Labor Council. 
Additionally, he has volunteered countless time to advancing critical 
measures to support the City of San Mateo's fiscal stability and 
community engagement activities. Through these various initiatives, 
Rich has worked tirelessly to ensure that San Mateo remains a safe and 
vibrant place for its community members to live and thrive.
  Throughout the years that he has resided in San Mateo, Rich has 
developed deep roots in his chosen community in the Bay Area. He is an 
active member of the Hillsdale United Methodist Church, continuing the 
practice of faith that has been carried in his family for five 
generations. Rich and his wife have raised their family in San Mateo, 
which includes their daughter, three adult grandchildren, and two 
great-grandsons, symbolizing his commitment to his community's future.
  Rich's thorough and methodical research of policy is unsurpassed. He 
is the consummate gentleman in conveying information, even when others 
may disagree, and his delivery is such that it allows for engagement 
and careful consideration.
  While his time on the City Council was brief, his history in San 
Mateo County is immense and we're grateful for his leadership in so 
many selfless capacities. Rich treats everyone equally. His tone is 
always respectful. He's inquisitive. He's always looking out for the 
best interest of the community and can be counted upon to actually 
follow through on his commitments. I believe we can all benefit from 
learning from Rich's collaborative approach to governance.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the 
extraordinary service to the public that Rich Hedges has presented 
throughout his distinguished career. All of the lives that he has 
touched, including mine, are better off because of his dedication and 
commitment.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1203]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




           CONGRATULATING THE WRAY HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. GREG LOPEZ

                              of colorado

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. LOPEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Wray High 
School Football team for winning the 1A State Championship with an 
undefeated record.
  Their overwhelming victory over Forge Christian, another undefeated 
team heading into the championship, is a testament to the teamwork and 
determination of each and every member of the team. I say thank you to 
the players for setting an example that will serve as an inspiration 
for future generations of high school athletes. They should all be 
extremely proud of what they have accomplished and know that this is 
just a precursor for the many great achievements that each of them will 
have in their lifetimes.
  I am honored to celebrate with the team and wish them all the best in 
their future seasons and beyond.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1203]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





       HONORING DEPUTY CONSTABLES NOLAN BAGWELL AND OMAR ABUABARA

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. BETH VAN DUYNE

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Ms. VAN DUYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Collin County 
Deputy Constables Nolan Bagwell of Dallas and Omar Abuabara of Roanoke 
for their heroic actions.
  On May 6, 2023, a gunman entered the Allen Premium Outlets in Allen, 
Texas and indiscriminately fired on shoppers, moving methodically 
through the parking area and promenades of the outlets, shooting 15 
people in a matter of minutes. Constables Bagwell and Abuabara were 
among the earliest first responders on scene, working without 
hesitation to locate the shooter and secure the area.
  Deputy Constables Bagwell and Abuabara moved systematically through 
stores in the outlet mall, clearing each while ensuring the safety of 
the individuals inside. After another Allen police officer neutralized 
the shooter, Bagwell and Abuabara continued to secure the entire 
premises before assisting with the evacuation of thousands from the 
premises.
  The selflessness and bravery displayed by Deputy Constables Bagwell 
and Abuabara as they put the safety of others first reflects great 
credit upon themselves, North Texas, and the State of Texas.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1203-E1204]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




               HONORING THE CAREER AND WORK OF JON DELANO

                                 ______
                                 

                      HON. CHRISTOPHER R. DELUZIO

                            of pennsylvania

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. DELUZIO. Mr. Speaker, sometimes, our local TV reporters and 
anchors are so rooted in the community they cover that they feel like a 
part of the family.
  To many in Western Pennsylvania, including me, longtime KDKA Money & 
Politics Editor Jon Delano was a trusted voice for our community. Last 
month, he retired from his job of over 30 years serving as Channel 
Two's political analyst.
  Known for his classic ``I'm Jon Delano'' closing line, he had a 
powerful ability to melt down a complicated issue to make it 
understandable to any audience.
  And over the decades with this skill, Jon rarely failed to land the 
interview and ask Presidents, Cabinet Members, U.S. Representatives, 
and Senators the questions that mattered to the people of Western 
Pennsylvania.
  Apart from reporting at KDKA, he has also worked in government--
including as Chief of Staff to former Pennsylvania Congressman Doug 
Walgren.
  Jon also practiced law and taught at Carnegie Mellon University's 
Heinz College of Information Systems & Public Policy.
  Jon has won numerous awards for his work, including the Edward R. 
Murrow Award for the best ``hard news'' story in Pennsylvania, New 
York, and New Jersey.
  Jon also volunteers for several community organizations, often 
moderates and facilities seminars, and is active in his church.

[[Page E1204]]

  I'm proud to have Jon and his wife Jane as my constituents in Mt. 
Lebanon, and I thank him for his decades of service to my community, to 
my region, and to our great country.
  I wish Jon good luck and the very best in this next chapter.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1204]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 HONORING ROBERT AND CHRISTINA PASTERZ

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. DEBBIE LESKO

                               of arizona

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Christina M. 
Pasterz and her late husband, Dr. Robert B. Pasterz, for their 
dedication to our community.
  I am blessed to call Chris my friend. I have known her and Bob for 
years and have seen for myself how they have helped the community 
through their work as healthcare providers, their dedication and 
stewardship in the Catholic community and prayer groups, their 
volunteer work to help Grand Canyon University students, and their 
active participation in Arizona school, local, state, and national 
political issues and campaigns.
  Bob was a native of Winnipeg Manitoba, Canada. He was a Sea Cadet and 
was a Student Ambassador who met and had lunch with Queen Elizabeth 
when she visited Canada. He played hockey in Canada and was drafted for 
an NHL team, but opted for medical school instead. Bob immigrated to 
the United States to complete his medical studies, where he met 
Christina, who worked at Kino Emergency Room in Tucson, Arizona. Bob 
completed his training at MD Anderson Hospital in Houston, TX. He 
opened an Oncology practice in Sun City West, Arizona where he helped 
cancer patients until his retirement in 2011. Despite retirement, Bob 
was working up to the day before he passed away on November 18, 2021, 
from a massive heart attack. He was helping friends and family around 
the country survive the COVID-19 pandemic. He would always give his 
family and friends another set of eyes and ears when needed, to 
navigate a health care challenge or help any friends who could not 
afford a doctor visit or wanted to avoid the Emergency Room. One of 
Bob's greatest accomplishments was assisting his best friend, Father 
Bradley (Joseph Francis) LePage build the Grand Canyon University 
Newman Center from the ground up. Bob was happy to do whatever was 
needed to be done to help, including serving breakfast to students 
after Sunday Mass or traveling as a chaperone and physician on a 
mission trip to the Philippines.
  Chris served as a Licensed Practical Nurse and to this day continues 
to give great healthcare advice to others. Chris has been very involved 
in our schools and community and has opened up her house to prayer 
groups, school strategizing sessions, and political campaigns. She has 
been instrumental in helping maintain the values that have made our 
state and Nation great.
  Christina and Bob were married in 1985 and moved to Glendale, 
Arizona, where they raised their two daughters, Ericka (married to Matt 
Stoner) and Vanessa (married to Todd Cunningham). Their grandchildren 
Ana, Gabe, Maddox and Mila who have all participated in a myriad of 
sports activities and their step-grandchildren Lauren and Madeline, 
kept both Bob and Chris busy and the kids and grandkids keep Chris busy 
even today.
  I want to thank Chris and Bob Pasterz for their dedication to our 
community. Arizona is a much better place because of them.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1204]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 HONORING THE SERVICE OF LOELLA HASKEW

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. MARK DeSAULNIER

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. DeSAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Loella Haskew 
as she retires from the Walnut Creek City Council.
  Loella was born in Staten Island, New York and moved to California 
shortly before her senior year of high school. She earned her Bachelor 
of Science in accounting from Golden Gate University, graduating summa 
cum lade, and later went on to earn her Master's in taxation. She then 
joined Golden Gate University as an adjunct instructor. Additionally, 
Loella served on the Statewide Committee of Taxation for the California 
Society of CPAS and was critical in drafting questions used for the CPA 
exam.
  Loella is a devoted public servant and has shown her steadfast 
dedication to improving the lives of CA-10 residents. She has served on 
City Council since 2012 and served as Mayor in 2016, 2020, and most 
recently in 2024. Throughout her career, Loella has been highly engaged 
with the community, serving on the Kennedy-King Memorial College 
Scholarship Fund, the Diablo Regional Arts Association's board, the 
Walnut Creek Library Foundation board, Cancer Support Community board, 
and more. Loella has worked tirelessly to empower our community's 
youth. She volunteered as a soccer referee with the Pleasant Hill/
Martinez Soccer Association, where she twice earned the title of 
``Referee of the Year.'' Loella has continually demonstrated her 
commitment to improving quality of life for Walnut Creek residents and 
making our community a better place for all.
  Please join me in congratulating Loella Haskew on her well-deserved 
retirement after over a decade of outstanding public service.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1204]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




            CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF MARIE CHESTER

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. PAT FALLON

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. FALLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th birthday 
of Mrs. Evelyn Marie Chester of Sulphur Springs, Texas.
  Mrs. Chester was born on November 12, 1924, in Paducah, Texas, to 
John and Thaddie Campbell Cranford. At a young age, her family 
relocated to Hopkins County, where she attended Liberty School and was 
a member of the Liberty Baptist Church. On April 22, 1939, Mrs. Chester 
married the love of her life, Thomas Mervin Chester. Over the next 65 
years, they raised four amazing children and had many more 
grandchildren and great grandchildren.
  Mrs. Chester began her career working at the H.D. Lee Factory's 
Lettering Department. As a result of her dedication and hard work, she 
quickly rose up the ranks to become the Inspector Supervisor. During 
this time, she was most proud of making clothing for famous Hollywood 
actors and for the Texas State Fair. Mrs. Chester was also a dairy 
farmer who harvested corn and cotton. For over five decades, she 
regularly volunteered to spend time with and help residents of the 
Sulphur Springs Health and Rehabilitation center. In her free time, she 
enjoys cooking, crocheting, quilting, and completing yard work. Mrs. 
Chester humbly credits her longevity to living a Christian life, 
uplifting others, and eating good food.
  I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's 
Capitol in recognition of Mrs. Chester's incredible life and journey. 
May god bless Mrs. Chester on 100 years of life and joy.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1204-E1205]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




TRIBUTE TO HIS EXCELLENCY, THE MOST REVEREND RYAN PAGENTE JIMENEZ, D.D.

                                 ______
                                 

                  HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN

                    of the northern mariana islands

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize His Excellency, 
the Most Reverend Ryan Pagente Jimenez, D.D., as the Second Bishop of 
Chalan Kanoa, Northern Mariana Islands
  Volumus Iesum Videre--``We would like to see Jesus'' (John 12:21).
  In a world marked by challenges and uncertainty, these words 
encapsulate a profound spiritual longing: the desire to see and 
encounter Christ. With this guiding principle, the Most Reverend Ryan 
Pagente Jimenez, as the second Bishop of Chalan Kanoa, undertook the 
mission to embody and share the presence, love, and light of Jesus with 
the people of the Northern Mariana Islands.
  Born on December 18, 1971, in Dumaguete City, Philippines, to Rogelio 
and Lilia Jimenez, Ryan Pagente Jimenez grew up in Siquijor with his 
three siblings. His vocational journey began at Saint Joseph Seminary 
in Negros Oriental, where he first discerned his call to the 
priesthood. He later pursued a Bachelor's degree in Pre-Divinity at the 
Ateneo de Manila University, graduating in 1992 from San Jose Major 
Seminary. His post-graduate experience included work as a Jesuit 
Volunteer and as a high school teacher, roles that deepened his 
commitment to service. In 1995, his path led him to the Diocese of 
Chalan Kanoa, where he began a new chapter as a teacher at Eskuelan San 
Francisco de Borja on Rota.
  Answering the call to priesthood, Ryan was accepted as a seminarian 
for the Diocese of Chalan Kanoa by the late Bishop Tomas Aguon Camacho. 
He completed his theological studies at Saint Patrick's Seminary and 
University in California, earning a Bachelor's in Sacred Theology and a 
Master's degree in Divinity and Theology in 2003. He was ordained a 
priest on June 8, 2003, by Bishop Camacho at Our Lady of Mount Carmel 
Cathedral. Over the years, Father Ryan served in numerous capacities, 
including Parish Priest, Rector, Chancellor, and Superintendent of 
Catholic Schools, building a foundation for future leadership.

[[Page E1205]]

  On November 28, 2010, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Father Ryan as 
Apostolic Administrator of the Diocese of Chalan Kanoa, following the 
resignation of Bishop Camacho and the unexpected passing of the then-
Apostolic Administrator. In this role, Father Ryan provided spiritual 
leadership to over 43,000 Catholics in the CNMI. On June 24, 2016, Pope 
Francis appointed him as the second Bishop of Chalan Kanoa. His 
episcopal ordination on August 14, 2016, was presided over by 
Archbishop Savio Hon Tai-Fai, S.D.B., with Bishops Julito Cortes and 
Tomas Camacho as co-consecrators.
  Bishop Ryan's leadership was marked by the development of a 5-year 
pastoral plan, focusing on Evangelization and Faith Formation, Marriage 
and Family Life, Youth, Vocation, Liturgy, and Social Justice and 
Outreach. This plan emerged from extensive listening sessions and 
sought to guide the Diocese toward a shared mission of discipleship. 
His efforts emphasized unity, pastoral programs, youth ministry, and 
fostering dialogue within and beyond the Church community.
  An advocate for education, Bishop Ryan championed Catholic education 
and faith formation programs, supporting initiatives like the 
Confraternity of Christian Doctrine (CCD) and the Commission on the 
Youth. He led a delegation of 40 from the Diocese to the World Youth 
Day celebrations in Lisbon, Portugal, in 2023, demonstrating his 
dedication to nurturing the faith of the young.
  In 2024, Bishop Ryan was elected President of the Episcopal 
Conference of the Pacific (CEPAC) and Vice President of the Federation 
of Catholic Bishops' Conferences of Oceania (FCBCO). On July 6, 2024, 
Pope Francis appointed him as the Fourth Archbishop of Agana in Guam.
  Archbishop Ryan Jimenez has left an enduring legacy in the Diocese of 
Chalan Kanoa, characterized by humility, faith, and commitment to 
pastoral care. His leadership has shaped a vibrant, resilient, and 
united community inspired by the call to ``see Jesus.'' His 
contributions continue to guide the faithful as they carry forward his 
mission. Volumus Iesum Videre. We would like to see Jesus.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1205]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      RECOGNIZING JULIAN A. PURDY

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. MARK TAKANO

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the service of Julian A. 
Purdy, the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Policy of Veterans' Employment 
and Training Service (VETS) in the U.S. Department of Labor. The Deputy 
Assistant Secretary previously served on our Committee's staff, and has 
proven his dedication to America's veterans, servicemembers, and their 
families over his impressive career thus far.
  Mr. Purdy's career began with his time as a Counterintelligence Agent 
and Human Intelligence Collector in the U.S. Army Reserves from 2004-
2012. During this time, Mr. Purdy deployed in support of Operation 
Iraqi Freedom. He balanced his obligations in the Reserves with 
service-oriented civilian careers, including working as an instructor 
for future military intelligence Soldiers.
  Following his military service, Mr. Purdy began a career within the 
Federal Government, first with the House of Representatives. As a 
Legislative Assistant for Rep. Adam Smith (WA-9), he managed a diverse 
portfolio of policy issues, including veteran affairs, gun reform and 
criminal justice. While serving as a Professional Staff Member on the 
House VA Committee's Economic Opportunity Subcommittee, Mr. Purdy was 
responsible for policy related to veteran transition, education, 
employment and housing.
  Since arriving at the DOL, Mr. Purdy has led numerous critical 
projects, including overseeing President Biden's White House Initiative 
on Advancing Educational Equity, Excellence, and Economic Opportunity 
through Historically Black Colleges and Universities. Further, he 
spearheaded the DOL signing MOUs with HBCUs to ensure veterans 
attending HBCUs leverage the programs available through American Job 
Centers.
  Additionally, Mr. Purdy led the Office of Strategic Outreach in 
aligning with the White House's Defense Industrial Base strategy by 
addressing critical labor shortages. This effort included supporting 
the Department of the Navy to strengthen national security through 
workforce solutions for building submarines and warships.
  I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Mr. Purdy for his 
outstanding professional achievements and his dedicated service to our 
Nation and its Veterans.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1205]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




            CONGRATULATING THE CHEYENNE WELLS FOOTBALL TEAM

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. GREG LOPEZ

                              of colorado

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. LOPEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Cheyenne 
Wells Football team for winning the A6 State Championship with an 
undefeated record.
  Their overwhelming victory over Stratton, who won the past two A6 
state championships, is a testament to the teamwork and determination 
of each and every member of the team. I say thank you to all the 
players for setting an example that will serve as an inspiration for 
future generations of high school athletes. They should all be 
extremely proud of what they have accomplished and know that this is 
just a precursor for the many great achievements that each of them will 
have in their lifetimes.
  I am honored to celebrate with the team and wish them all the best in 
their future seasons and beyond.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1205]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




            NEW JERSEY SAT FEST, BEST WISHES FOR TOURNAMENT

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW

                             of new jersey

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. VAN DREW. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my heartfelt gratitude 
to AJ and Dorian Elmore and all the dedicated anglers of New Jersey SAT 
FEST for their unwavering support. This year, 13,000 of them will 
compete for the largest cash prize in New Jersey's history, and I wish 
each of them the very best of luck. The remarkable efforts of the event 
organizers have brought this incredible competition back for a third 
straight year, and this year, each one of them stands a chance to win 
the prize. When this event began three years ago, it not only gained 
national attention, but also inspired countless individuals when one 
winner, Miguel Rios, used his cash prize to send his daughter to 
college. This outstanding event has made a huge impact, generating 38 
million video impressions across the country and igniting a spirit of 
ambition and pursuit of dreams in Americans everywhere. As they prepare 
for the competition, I wish each of them good luck. Be safe, and take 
pride in being part of one of the premier fishing events on the East 
Coast. God bless New Jersey SAT FEST, and God bless our United States 
of America.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1205-E1206]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                HONORING RABBI IRVING ``YITZ'' GREENBERG

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. RITCHIE TORRES

                              of new york

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. TORRES of New York. Mr. Speaker, Rabbi Irving ``Yitz'' Greenberg, 
a visionary scholar, teacher, author, and lecturer whose career 
spanning more than 65 years has profoundly influenced Jewish thought 
and practice while relating deeply to universal human values. His 
pioneering work, grounded in the core value of choosing life and 
improving society through goodness in every action, carries insights 
that resonate far beyond any single religion or tradition.
  Rabbi Greenberg envisions a future shaped by a profound reverence for 
life in all its forms, inspiring us to build a more unified, 
compassionate, and humane world. Central to this vision is the 
traditional Jewish belief in Tzelem Elokim--the conviction that all 
humans are created in the image of God, underscoring the inherent 
dignity and worth of every person.
  Rabbi Greenberg's contributions extend far beyond ideas and 
scholarship to the institutions he has created and shaped, institutions 
that continue to embody his vision, often challenging traditional norms 
to inspire growth and progress. As leader of the Soviet Jewry movement, 
rabbi of a Modern Orthodox synagogue in Riverdale, and co-founder of 
SAR academy, a day school in my district of the Bronx, Rabbi Greenberg 
has served the Jewish community in numerous capacities. He has been a 
professor and chair of the Jewish Studies Department at City College of 
New York, president of CLAL and the Jewish Life Network/Steinhardt 
Foundation, and executive director of the President's Commission on the 
Holocaust. His leadership extended to chairing the U.S. Holocaust 
Memorial Museum. In fact, Rabbi Greenberg was among the first to teach 
college-level courses on the Holocaust in the mid-1960s.
  As a Modern Orthodox philosopher, Rabbi Greenberg has addressed the 
profound challenges posed by the Holocaust, framing it as a 
transformative moment that altered the relationship between man and 
God, and shattered the Jewish world, one that had to rebuild itself and 
create a new, life-affirming reality. His narrative of Jewish life in a 
post-Holocaust

[[Page E1206]]

world emphasizes resilience, responsibility, and the power of moral 
action. He described this period as the ``Third Great Era'' in Jewish 
history--an era marked by Jewish self-determination. This era would be 
defined by Jews taking full responsibility for their own destiny, from 
the establishment of the State of Israel to the creation of new 
Diaspora institutions that would celebrate and sustain the full 
spectrum of Jewish religiuos and ethnic identity. Now, at 91, Rabbi 
Greenberg explores this core principle of Tzelem Elokim in ``The 
Triumph of Life: A Narrative Theology of Judaism'', a profound magnum 
opus that encapsulates the breadth of his teachings. Greenberg's vision 
emphasizes justice, compassion, and dignity, with the sanctity of life 
and the divine image inherent in every human being at its heart.
  Throughout his career, Rabbi Greenberg has remained steadfast in his 
commitment to these values, in partnership with his wife, Blu, a 
trailblazing writer and founder of the Orthodox feminist movement. 
Together, Rabbi Yitz and Blu Greenberg's progressive values have been 
central to the educational philosophy of SAR Academy, the school they 
founded in Riverdale, NY. Inspired by the Open Education movement, they 
envisioned a school with no walls, one that would foster creativity, 
independence, and collaboration through open spaces and a student-
centered approach--a vision in this deep belief in the divine potential 
inherent in every individual. Today, more than fifty-six years later, 
SAR continues to embody Rabbi Greenberg's vision, recognizing the 
divine spark in each and every individual child. The school challenges 
students to live Torah values while fostering creativity, empathy, and 
a commitment to building a better world.
  Rabbi Greenberg has remained steadfast in his mission to advance 
Judaism as dynamic, inclusive, and responsive to the challenges of the 
modern world. He has consistently advocated for the inclusion of women 
and LGBTQ individuals in religious life, while also championing 
interfaith dialogue as essential to fostering compassion and 
understanding across communities.
  In these dark and challenging times, Rabbi Greenberg's message serves 
as a beacon of hope. His teachings remind us of the transformative 
power of goodness and respect for every individual in shaping a 
brighter future for all.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1206]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        IN MEMORY OF OMER NEUTRA

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. ANDREW R. GARBARINO

                              of new york

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. GARBARINO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share my sadness at the 
devastating news that Long Island native Omer Neutra, 21, was among the 
47 Americans slaughtered by Hamas during the brutal October 7th 
massacre. Growing up on Long Island, Omer was a cherished and active 
member of his community at the Schechter School of Long Island, Midway 
Jewish Center, and as a participant in Jewish youth summer programs. 
Those who knew Omer will miss his magnetic, fun-loving personality and 
joyful spirit. My heart is with Omer's parents, Ronen and Orna, and his 
brother, Daniel, who have fought tirelessly to bring Omer home. May 
Omer's memory be a blessing.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1206]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




        HONORING MINNESOTA HOUSE REPRESENTATIVE JOHN PETERSBURG

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. BRAD FINSTAD

                              of minnesota

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. FINSTAD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of 
Minnesota House Representative John Petersburg. First elected in 2012 
to represent District 24A, Representative Petersburg has served the 
people of Minnesota honorably in the State House for the past twelve 
years.
  John grew up on a farm and has exemplified a profound willingness to 
serve throughout his career. Many know him to be a dedicated father and 
husband, as well as a respected leader in his community.
  The priorities of the people of Waseca and Steele counties have 
always been at the forefront of Representative Petersburg's service in 
the Legislature, particularly through his continued leadership in the 
many House committees on which he has served throughout the years.
  Representative Petersburg has done an exemplary job of leading on 
issues--most notably, his instrumental work on the completion of the 
historic U.S. Highway 14 corridor between New Ulm and Rochester.
  All of us across southern Minnesota have been wellserved by 
Representative Petersburg's time in office, and I wish him the warmest 
congratulations on his retirement.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1206]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




          COMMEMORATING THE INVESTITURE OF DR. HARRISON KELLER

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. PAT FALLON

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. FALLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the investiture 
of Dr. Harrison Keller, Ph.D., as the 17th president of the University 
of North Texas.
  Dr. Keller received his bachelor's degree from the University of 
Notre Dame and earned a master's degree and Ph.D. in philosophy from 
Georgetown University. He began his career as a legislative aide in the 
Texas House of Representatives and Senate before becoming Director of 
Research and Senior Education Advisor. Dr. Keller also taught courses 
at the University of Texas at Austin, Georgetown, and St. Edward's 
University. He later served as the Deputy to the President for Strategy 
and Policy at UT Austin as well as Vice Provost for Higher Education 
Policy and Research and Executive Director of the Center for Teaching 
and Learning. In this role, Dr. Keller developed several educational 
initiatives, including OnRamps, to provide high school students with 
the opportunity to earn college credit to UT Austin at low cost.
  Prior to arriving at UNT, Dr. Keller served as Commissioner of Higher 
Education and chief executive officer of the Texas Higher Education 
Coordinating Board. Under his outstanding leadership, the Board 
advocated for policies and programs to help low-income and first-
generation college students be successful. Moreover, Dr. Keller worked 
with state legislators to improve access to financial aid and workforce 
education. His tenure as commissioner allowed Texas to lead nationwide 
in higher education and university research. I am pleased to recognize 
Dr. Keller today for his dedication to student success and commitment 
to strengthening UNT's status as a Tier One Research University.
  I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's 
Capitol in recognition of this historic occasion. Congratulations to 
Dr. Keller, and I wish him the very best.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1206-E1207]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




  HONORING THE 120TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOUNDING OF THE REO MOTOR CAR 
                                COMPANY

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. ELISSA SLOTKIN

                              of michigan

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Ms. SLOTKIN. Mr. Speaker, today I honor the 120th anniversary of the 
founding of the REO Motor Car Company, a pioneer in American automotive 
history founded by Ransom E. Olds. Established in 1904 in Lansing, 
Michigan, REO played a foundational role in shaping both the automotive 
industry and the city of Lansing. Throughout its years in operation, 
REO Motor Car Company stood as a symbol of innovation, producing 
vehicles that helped define an era in American transportation.
  REO Motor Car Company had a profound effect on Lansing. By the 1920s, 
REO employed 10 percent of the city's population, underscoring the 
company's importance not only as a major employer but as a pillar of 
the community. The REO Clubhouse, built in 1917, served as a social 
center for employees and their families, hosting weddings, patriotic 
events during World War I and II, and even Lansing's first radio 
station. Through its commitment to its workforce and the community, REO 
helped shape Lansing's identity as a manufacturing hub.
  Among REO Motor Car Company's most celebrated vehicles were the REO 
Speed Wagon, the Flying Cloud, and the Royale. Introduced in 1915, the 
REO Speed Wagon set a new standard for trucks with its speed and 
durability, paving the way for the modern pickup truck. The Flying 
Cloud, launched in 1927, was known for its advanced hydraulic brakes, 
which set a new benchmark in automotive safety. The 1931 REO Royale 
featured a streamlined design that made it a true trendsetter in 
American car design.
  Although REO ceased car production in 1936 to focus exclusively on 
truck manufacturing, the company remained a force in the industry. 
During World War II, REO Motor Car Company contributed to the war 
effort, supplying trucks to U.S. allies in a time of great need. REO 
continued to produce trucks until 1975, ending more than 70 years of 
innovation and service in the automotive industry.
  Today, the legacy of REO Motor Car Company is preserved by the R.E. 
Olds Transportation Museum in Lansing. The museum stands as a tribute 
to both the company and its visionary founder, Ransom E. Olds, 
displaying a collection of rare and historic vehicles that allow 
visitors to appreciate the craftsmanship and ingenuity that defined 
REO.

[[Page E1207]]

Through these exhibits, the museum ensures that the company's 
contributions to the auto industry are remembered and celebrated.
  As we recognize the 120th anniversary of the REO Motor Car Company's 
founding, let us acknowledge not only the vehicles it produced but also 
its impact on the city of Lansing and generations of residents. It is 
with great respect that I honor the REO Motor Car Company here in the 
United States House of Representatives.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1207]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     CONGRATULATING MICHELLE BAKER

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. GREG LOPEZ

                              of colorado

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. LOPEZ. Mr. Speaker, Colorado high school women's volleyball coach 
Michelle Baker was recently awarded the Horizon Award from the Colorado 
High School Athletics Association. This award is presented to Michelle 
for the significant improvements to Wiggins High School's volleyball 
program she has brought about over the past few years. Her dedication 
to her team and the women's volleyball program at Wiggins High is an 
inspiration to all.
  Every student deserves the opportunity to compete in sports. Coaches 
like Michelle make that possible by coaching their players towards 
success on and off the court, teaching them skills like discipline, 
teamwork, and work ethic that will benefit them for years to come.
  It is my distinct privilege as the United States Representative of 
the 4th District of Colorado, to congratulate Michelle for her hard 
work in achieving this award, and for improving Wiggins High School's 
women's volleyball team. Her dedication to the development of Colorado 
athletics cannot be understated, and I encourage Michelle to continue 
cultivating the best women's volleyball program at Wiggins High for the 
betterment of her players and the school at large.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1207]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




   RECOGNIZING DEPUTY COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR, ABIGAIL FUCHS FOR HER 
  EXCELLENT WORK ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. DEAN PHILLIPS

                              of minnesota

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Deputy 
Communications Director, Abigail Fuchs, for her work on behalf of every 
constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District. I could not be 
more proud or grateful for her service.
  Abbey grew up in Minnesota's Third Congressional District in the 
suburbs of Minneapolis (Maple Grove and Edina, Minnesota). After 
graduating from Edina High School, she went on to attend the University 
of St. Thomas where she played on the Women's Soccer Team, ran track, 
and graduated with a degree in marketing. Abbey worked in campaign 
finance right out of college and then transitioned to my office in 2021 
where she began as a Legislative Correspondent, was promoted to 
Constituent Communications Specialist, and finally held the title of 
Deputy Communications Director. Abbey is a team player at work and in 
her personal life, where she uses her athletic and leadership skills to 
inspire the next generation as a youth soccer coach.
  Like my grandmother, the legendary advice columnist Dear Abby, I 
believe in the transformative power of listening. I often say that 
representation itself begins with listening, which is why I am so 
grateful that our own ``Dear Abbey'' has lent her considerable talents 
to me--and our entire community--for the past three years. Abbey 
upholds the very foundation of our democracy by ensuring every 
Minnesotan who has an idea, question, or criticism to share is treated 
with compassion, receives a response, and is invited to continue a 
thoughtful dialogue with my office--no matter their politics.
  Abbey embodies the spirit of radical hospitality, is quick to 
internalize and act upon strategy, and has capably forged a new path in 
congressional communications. Abbey creatively transformed our email 
and mass communications program into a branding superpower and is the 
only communications professional we know to have received unprovoked 
thanks from constituents on the receiving end of mass emails--high 
praise in the age of digital spam. Her innovative approach to 
congressional communications has been identified by the Chief 
Administrative Officer of the House as best-in-class and helped propel 
me to a leadership position on the House Democratic Policy and 
Communications Committee in 2022.
  In addition to her outstanding work products, Abbey is a thoughtful 
and supportive teammate--always willing to lend a hand when needs 
arise. She is bright, energetic, and always looking outside the box to 
accomplish the goals of the office. Abbey brings optimism and a can-do 
attitude to whatever projects she is a part of.
  The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to 
have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed. I 
wish Abbey all the best in her future endeavors and thank her for 
almost four years of faithful service to this Nation in my office.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1207]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




RECOGNIZING AND REMEMBERING FELLOW MISSISSIPPIAN JAMES ``JIM'' WILLIAM 
                              ELLIOTT, JR.

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. MICHAEL GUEST

                             of mississippi

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. GUEST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and remember a 
Mississippian whose infectious personality and energetic spirit will 
always be remembered by those who knew him. James ``Jim'' William 
Elliott, Jr. from Brookhaven, Mississippi, lived the embodiment of the 
American Dream. He loved God, family, and cheering for his favorite 
sports teams: the Ole Miss Rebels, New Orleans Saints, and Atlanta 
Braves. Jim was generous with his time and found his greatest joy in 
connecting with others. No matter how busy life was, Jim was there to 
lend a listening ear and take time to enjoy family.
  Born in Jackson, Mississippi, in 1931, Jim graduated from Central 
High School in 1949. After graduation, he attended the University of 
Mississippi where he excelled in academics and extracurricular 
activities. He was a member of the Kappa Alpha Order, president of the 
Cardinal Club, president of the School of Liberal Arts, and a Cadet 
Colonel of the Air R.O.T.C.
  Jim served his country for two years in the United States Air Force 
as 1st Lieutenant and a legal officer. His time in the Air Force taught 
him the value of serving his country and what it means to uphold life, 
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Jim attended law school at the 
University of Mississippi and obtained his LLB degree. His academic 
achievements earned him president of his senior class while in law 
school, and his job as assistant to the Business Manager of Athletics 
encouraged his love of sports.
  As an outdoorsman, Jim took his love for sports to the field. From 
hunting and fishing to playing tennis, Jim enjoyed all sorts of sports. 
Of all the sports, Jim loved tennis best. He was known across 
Brookhaven for his willingness to teach young students how to play 
tennis. His children and grandchildren also received hands-on 
instruction from Jim on the sport. As a hunter, Jim received the Ducks 
Unlimited Award in 1987 for his contributions to waterfowl 
conservation.
  The great outdoors gave Jim a deep love for the Lord and his 
creation. Jim was an active member of Faith Presbyterian Church in 
Brookhaven. While a member, he jumped at opportunities to serve and 
give back to the Lord. He served as a deacon, chairman of the 
deaconate, Sunday school teacher, president of the Men of the church, 
and served as an advisor to the Senior High Fellowship. The time he 
spent both outside and in service to the church was with deep purpose 
and conviction.
  Jim was a devoted family man who loved God above all. His legacy of 
service will live on throughout the communities that he impacted. He 
never shied away from meeting with people and setting an example of how 
to love others well. Jim was always generous with his time and presence 
to those who knew him. I know that he is missed by his family and 
community. I am honored for a chance to remember a lifelong 
Mississippian who loved his community and invested in those around him. 
I hope people across the Third District of Mississippi will see the 
value in serving the community around them as Jim did. I am thankful to 
serve a district that is home to people like James ``Jim'' William 
Elliott, Jr.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1207-E1208]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                  HONORING THE SERVICE OF DAVE HUDSON

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. MARK DeSAULNIER

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. DeSAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of 
Dave Hudson as he retires from the City of San Ramon.
  Throughout his career, Dave has been dedicated to his community and 
to improving the lives of Bay Area residents. Dave began his career 
with the City of San Ramon on the

[[Page E1208]]

city's planning commission. He served on City Council for 23 years and 
was elected as Mayor of San Ramon in 2020 amid the COVID-19 pandemic. 
His leadership and dedication helped guide the city through this 
challenging time. During his time on City Council, Dave worked to 
protect the East Bay's open spaces, improve transportation throughout 
the region, and improve quality of life for all San Ramon residents. He 
was instrumental in the development of the CityWalk Master Plan, a 
mixed-use district in Bishop Ranch that would provide residents access 
to retail, dining, and recreational amenities. Dave's leadership has 
helped to increase access to affordable housing in the Tri-Valley and 
foster a vibrant community in San Ramon.
  Dave has also been a strong advocate for all Bay Area residents, 
working to improve regional transportation efforts, ensure California 
continues to lead the way in curbing carbon emissions, and more. He 
served as Board Chair for the Contra Costa Transportation Authority in 
2008 and 2016, was part of Tri-Valley Transportation Committee, and 
played a key role in the development of the Valley Link Rail and 
Caldecott Tunnel. Additionally, Dave has worked with a number of 
regional organizations including the League of California Cities, the 
Association of Bay Area Governments, East Bay Municipal Utility 
District, San Ramon Valley Unified School District, and more and served 
as Chair of the Bay Area Air Quality Management District (BAAQMD) in 
2018. Dave has worked tirelessly throughout his career to bring 
community members together and to foster opportunity within the Bay 
Area.
  Please join me in congratulating Dave Hudson on his well-deserved 
retirement after decades of public service.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1208]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      HONORING TIM MASSA'S CAREER

                                 ______
                                 

                         HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP

                                of ohio

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the incredible 
achievement of Tim Massa, Chief People Officer and Senior Vice 
President of Human Resources and Labor Relations at The Kroger Co., and 
his induction as a Fellow into the National Academy of Human Resources 
(NAHR).
  Since its creation in 1992, the NAHR has only recognized 195 
individuals for their leadership, innovation, and service to the human 
resources profession. Tim's induction is a testament to his incredible 
leadership in and commitment to the profession.
  Between his 21-year tenure with Proctor and Gamble and his 14-year 
career at Kroger, Tim has demonstrated unparalleled leadership 
development and employee engagement throughout his career. As Chief 
People Officer at Kroger, Tim leads critical HR and labor relations 
functions, which have set the standard for the culture at Kroger and 
throughout the Country.
  Not only has Tim committed more than thirty years to two stalwart 
Cincinnati companies, but his commitment to civic engagement, which 
includes serving on the boards of the Cincinnati Zoo, the City of 
Cincinnati Workforce Innovation Center, and the American Health Policy 
Institute, has benefited all Cincinnatians and underscores his belief 
in the power of good leadership.
  Tim Massa's induction into the NAHR is a recognition of his tireless 
and his ability to lead change. As Chairwoman of the NAHR Tracy Keogh 
said, ``Members of the 2024 Class of Fellows have been acknowledged by 
their peers as reaching the highest level of achievement in the Human 
Resources profession.'' Tim Massa embodies this standard of excellence 
and has consistently demonstrated vision in driving transformative 
initiatives.
  I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Tim Massa on this 
extraordinary achievement. His work has not only elevated Kroger and 
Cincinnati but has also made a lasting impact on the human resources 
field, exemplifying the very best of leadership, integrity, and 
service.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1208-E1209]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        TRIBUTE TO WAREN SLOCUM

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. KEVIN MULLIN

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a distinguished public 
servant who has dedicated his career to improving the lives of others. 
Warren Slocum is ending his twelve-year tenure on the San Mateo County 
Board of Supervisors, and I'm proud to share his many accomplishments.
  Born in 1948 in Michigan and raised by a single father, Warren grew 
up in San Diego, California. After graduating from high school, he 
enlisted in the Army and served in Vietnam for one year, honorably 
discharged in 1969. This experience planted the seed that would yield 
fruit decades later in his pivotal work for veterans. He attended San 
Diego State University where he earned his B.S. Degree in History.
  Prior to his election to the Board of Supervisors, Warren served as 
the Chief Elections Officer & Assessor-County Clerk-Recorder of San 
Mateo County for 24 years. His decades of service were marked by 
innovation and a focus on continuous improvement. He was driven to 
provide better service, improve access, and embraced technology as a 
tool for positive change. As County Clerk, he was the first in the 
nation to offer couples the opportunity to broadcast their wedding 
ceremonies on the internet so that families and friends all over the 
world could share these special moments. As Recorder, he oversaw the 
conversion of recorded paper documents to recorded electronic documents 
and the creation of a publicly searchable database which made it easy 
to research property information. As the Chief Elections Officer, he 
introduced accessible voting equipment with language and adaptive 
features to ensure that all voters could participate in fair, private, 
and secure elections.
  Warren was elected to the San Mateo County Board of Supervisors in 
2012, and subsequently re-elected in 2016 and 2020, and is concluding 
his tenure as Board President in 2024. The 4th Supervisorial District 
he represents includes the cities of Redwood City, East Palo Alto, 
portions of Menlo Park east of El Camino Real, and the unincorporated 
community of North Fair Oaks. His Supervisorial District includes some 
of the most culturally diverse areas in San Mateo County. He always 
focused on strengthening families, advancing educational achievement, 
and fostering community connections.
  Understanding the challenges his constituents experience, Warren 
approached his work through the lenses of equity and social progress. 
Vast disparities exist in San Mateo County, and he knows that systemic 
inequality diminishes us all. His desire to be of greater service and 
help our community move forward drove his commitment to making San 
Mateo County stronger and more vibrant. To achieve these results, 
Warren worked collaboratively--with people from every quarter of our 
community, including faith-based organizations, businesses, youth, 
renters, homeowners, schools, nonprofits and many others--building more 
affordable housing, moving the needle on reducing homelessness, 
particularly for families and veterans, and reducing traffic 
congestion.
  As part of his responsibilities, Warren has represented San Mateo 
County on Regional Boards and Commissions including the Association of 
Bay Area Governments and the Metropolitan Transportation Commission, 
where he advocated for and protected San Mateo County's interests. In 
addition, he serves on the San Mateo County City/County Association of 
Governments, the Emergency Services Council, the Local Agency Formation 
Commission, the San Mateo County Libraries Joint Powers Authority 
Governing Board, the Sheriff's Oversight and Engagement Subcommittee, 
and the South Bayside Waste Management Authority. He serves as the 
liaison to the San Mateo County Commission on Disabilities, the North 
Fair Oaks Community Council, and Redwood City Together.
  Along the way, I had the privilege of working closely with Warren as 
we explored our shared interest at the intersection of government and 
technology through our annual Connect conferences. For close to a 
decade, we explored how emerging technologies could be embraced by 
government to provide better service to our communities. Our focus on 
social media, artificial intelligence, autonomous vehicles, and the 
digital divide, among others, proved prescient as these continue to 
pose significant policy considerations for all levels of government.
  With lack of affordable housing a pressing community concern, Warren 
has prioritized seeking solutions. This includes serving on the Housing 
Endowment and Regional Trust Board and the Housing Our People 
Effectively Interagency Council. He led early efforts to address the 
jobs-housing imbalance which transitioned to Home for All, a 
collaboration of the County of San Mateo, cities, school districts, 
community-based organizations, faith-based organizations, advocacy 
groups, and businesses. During his tenure on the Home for All Steering 
Committee, the jobs-housing gap was reduced through a model that allows 
communities to move forward with solutions uniquely tailored to their 
needs. Warren has prioritized increasing affordable housing designated 
for low-income residents, particularly seniors, veterans, and families, 
with projects completed and underway.
  As a proud U.S. Army veteran who served in Vietnam, Warren knows the 
importance of recognizing the work and sacrifice of our veterans and 
their advocates. Warren is known as the ``Godfather'' of the San Mateo 
County Veterans Commission. He advocated for its

[[Page E1209]]

creation in 2015 on behalf of San Mateo County's 27,000 veterans and 
their family members. Coinciding with Veterans Day, Warren and the 
Commission initiated the annual Veterans Recognition Luncheon to honor 
individuals and organizations for their work in supporting veterans. 
Warren is immensely proud of the Commission's work, partnering with the 
County's Veteran Service Office, to improve the lives of veterans in 
our community. Due to his ongoing efforts and dedication, the San Mateo 
County Veterans Commission presented Warren with the Lifetime 
Achievement Award at its 2024 luncheon.
  His wife, Maria Diaz-Slocum, and their two sons and families have 
supported and embraced Warren's passion for family, public service, 
technology, and history. They have made their home in Redwood City for 
more than 30 years, their sons were educated in the public school 
system, and his wife served as an elected Trustee of the Redwood City 
School District. Their shared love for our community has provided 
Warren a bedrock from which to move forward with a bold vision on how 
to make things better for others.
  Warren's priority from day one was always to improve the lives of the 
residents of District 4 and San Mateo County with a particular focus on 
the most vulnerable. He is a respected and admired regional leader with 
a proven record on social equity, affordable housing, transportation, 
and economic empowerment for all residents in our community. The 
effectiveness of a leader can be judged by their lasting impact. By 
that measure, Warren has excelled as he leaves San Mateo County in a 
better place.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please join me in congratulating 
Warren Slocum for an exemplary record of service to the County of San 
Mateo, commending him for his tireless dedication of time and talent, 
and wishing him all the best in the years ahead.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1209-E1211]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          TRIBUTE TO MY STAFF

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor eight members of my 
staff--Patrick Boland, Mary Hovagimian, Tim Hysom, Qiao Li, Colleen 
Oinuma, Ann Peifer, Margarita Pinon-Gutierrez, and Teresa Lamb 
Simpson--who have each spent more than a decade serving the House of 
Representatives and constituents in the great state of California.


                             Patrick Boland

  Patrick Boland, my current Chief of Staff, is a proud son of 
California's 30th Congressional District, growing up in Pasadena and 
attending Loyola High School. After graduating from Colby College, 
Patrick worked in communications roles on Capitol Hill for Senator 
Dianne Feinstein, Senator Charles Schumer, Rep. Scott Murphy (D-NY) and 
Rep. Anna Eshoo (D-CA). He also worked on the campaigns of Rep. Raul 
Ruiz (D-CA) and Rep. Mark Takano (D-CA).
  Patrick joined my team in 2012, serving as Communications Director 
and a senior advisor for both my personal office and the House 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. In his role as a spokesman 
and speechwriter, and director of the war room, during the first 
impeachment inquiry, Patrick's intellect, pragmatism, and dedication 
were crucial to the impeachment team's presentation of our case to the 
House, the Senate, and the American people.
  Since 2021, Patrick has served as my Chief of Staff, playing an 
integral role in my transition back to the Judiciary Committee. Through 
his leadership, Patrick has fostered a collaborative, inclusive, and 
results-oriented culture in my personal office. Additionally, he has 
mentored countless junior staffers and brought them under his wing as 
they begin their careers on Capitol Hill, always advocating for those 
he believes deserve a spot on Capitol Hill and a chance to work in 
public service.
  Patrick also worked as a Senior Advisor for my Senate campaign, 
helping oversee our political, communications, policy and paid media 
operations. His contributions and strategic vision on the trail were 
crucial to both our successful statewide campaign and to our support of 
numerous California incumbents and challengers who prevailed this 
November.
  Patrick is married to Jill, a Senior Policy Advisor to Sen. Jack Reed 
(D-RI), with whom he has a one-year-daughter Riley.
  Patrick is truly gifted at his job, holding an intimate understanding 
of the media as an enterprise and a business rivaling that of any other 
professional on Capitol Hill. He brings leadership, levity, and 
political acumen to my office every single day, and I am looking 
forward to seeing all that we will accomplish together as we continue 
our service to the state of California.


                            Mary Hovagimian

  Born in Burbank, California, Mary Hovagimian attended St. Mary's 
Richard Tufenkian Preschool & Kindergarten and Rose and Alex Pilibos 
Armenian School. She continued her education at the University of 
Southern California Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism, 
graduating Cum Laude in 2009 with a bachelor's degree in communication.
  Mary was determined to delve into a career where she could give back 
to the community and make a meaningful difference in people's lives. 
When a career counselor at the University of Southern California shared 
with Mary that my office was seeking a District Representative, she did 
not hesitate to apply. In this capacity, Mary has devotedly served the 
constituents of my district, helped organize community outreach events, 
served as a liaison between constituents and my office, and directed 
Armenian American outreach. Mary has been recognized for her work in 
the community and received the 2014 Woman in Government Award from the 
Armenian American Chamber of Commerce.
  I have proudly represented one of the largest Armenian American 
communities in the United States, and Mary's Armenian-speaking skills 
in both Eastern and Western Armenian, a skill she credits to her family 
and education, have proven essential throughout the years. She has 
helped many constituents who have needed translation assistance. In 
2013, Mary also helped me speak this beautiful language when I decided 
to deliver my remarks in commemoration of the 98th Anniversary of the 
Armenian Genocide in Armenian on the House Floor. And no matter the 
issue facing the community, Mary navigates it with tact and skill 
unparalleled.
  Mary leads the effort on the annual Women of the Year nominations, 
which recognizes remarkable women from California's 30th Congressional 
District. Each year, she works tirelessly to acknowledge individuals 
who have made significant contributions to their communities through 
civic engagement, community service, and leadership in their respective 
fields.
  During her time with my office, I have had the opportunity to see 
Mary excel balancing her responsibilities in my office while working 
toward her master's degree in leadership, which she obtained in 2021 
from the University of Southern California Sol Price School of Public 
Policy. She brought what she learned inside the classroom back to my 
office to champion the needs of the community. Mary is deeply committed 
to her family and community, one of the many reasons that she has 
excelled at public service.
  I'm excited that she will continue to make a significant contribution 
to our team's success in the U.S. Senate. Her deep understanding of the 
Armenian community and her unwavering commitment to constituents will 
undoubtedly be an invaluable asset to the team.


                               Tim Hysom

  Tim Hysom has spent over twenty years on Capitol Hill, serving a 
number of members in a variety of roles. A graduate of Dominican 
University, Tim began his Congressional career in the district office 
of Rep. David E. Skaggs (D-CO). After some time in the private sector, 
he joined my D.C. team as a Legislative Assistant in 2003. In this 
role, Tim advised me on my work on the Judiciary Committee. He also 
played an integral role in bringing my office into the 21st Century, 
completely overhauling my office's online presence and building and 
managing our constituent database. He also developed my office's 
strategic communications through emerging mediums, such as online town 
hall meetings, tele-town halls, and video conferencing.
  After five years with the Congressional Management Foundation, where 
he advised Members on how to effectively correspond with constituents, 
Tim rejoined my team as our Deputy District Director. As the boundaries 
of my district shifted, he created a strategic plan for community 
outreach for different communities and geographic areas to reach our 
new constituents. He also advised me on key transportation, 
entertainment industry, and political issues in our district.
  After two years in this role, Tim moved back to Washington, D.C., to 
serve as Chief of Staff to Rep. Alan Lowenthal (D-CA) from 2013 to 
2021. Building a congressional office from scratch is no easy feat, but 
Tim made it seem easy--leading to a successful House career for Rep. 
Lowenthal. After stints as Chief of Staff with Rep. Jake Auchincloss 
(D-MA) and as a House Shared Financial and Human Resource 
Administrator, Tim joined my team for a third time, as a senior advisor 
assisting me and my team in the conclusion of my tenure in the House 
and launching my Senate office.
  Throughout his career, Tim has proven his versatility as a leader in 
policymaking, project and human resource management, and constituent 
service skills. He has also mentored many junior staffers finding their 
way on Capitol Hill. His contributions to this institution have been 
immense, and I am excited knowing that I will continue to have his 
guidance and wisdom on my Senate team.

[[Page E1210]]

  



                                Qiao Li

  Qiao Li, a graduate of UC Berkeley, first entered public service 
while working for Los Angeles City Councilmember Tom LaBonge, a public 
servant of the highest order who guided the paths of so many in our 
community, including Qiao. She began with my office in 2011 as a 
District Representative. In 2013, Qiao took a brief detour to pursue a 
Master's degree in Global and International Studies from the University 
of California at Santa Barbara.
  In 2019, she rejoined our team, applying her knowledge to casework to 
better serve the community. In her role as a casework manager, she is 
the first point of contact for constituents who need assistance with 
federal agencies. It is not always an easy job, but Qiao's smile and 
dedication to helping individuals never wavers. Not a week goes by when 
I do not receive thanks for a constituent she has assisted in their 
casework with the IRS, VA, State Department, BCIS, or other federal 
agencies.
  Qiao addresses a wide range of issues and serves as the bridge 
between constituents and the federal government, helping them to 
navigate complex processes to ensure they receive the services and 
benefits they are entitled to.
  Outside of her role in the office, she is an active member of the 
community. For six summers, she coordinated the YUNASA Summer Camp for 
Gifted Kids. During her 11 years in public service, Qiao has been an 
invaluable part of the team, and I am so grateful that she will 
continue to leverage her expertise in all areas of casework to make a 
significant impact for people across the state of California in the 
United States Senate. Her kind spirit and unwavering commitment to 
public service will undoubtedly benefit our team and the state as a 
whole.


                             Colleen Oinuma

  Colleen Oinuma is a graduate of UC Berkeley, where she earned her 
B.S. in Environmental Science and actively participated in student 
government. Before taking her current role, she worked for a research 
unit studying MRI spectroscopy to help diagnose neurological conditions 
such as Alzheimer's, addiction and traumatic brain injury.
  Colleen joined my district team in 2011 and has covered a variety of 
issue areas, including the Environment, Energy, Rim of the Valley, and 
Space. Because of her work on the Rim of the Valley, we have been able 
to make progress in securing and protecting nearly a hundred thousand 
acres in the Southern California region for future generations. Colleen 
also manages all aspects of my schedule for California and played a 
crucial role in our successful statewide campaign for Senate, serving 
as director of scheduling and advance. Her strategic vision and 
critical thinking made the gears of a large campaign run, and we could 
not have done it without her.
  Outside of the office, she served on the board of OCA-Greater Los 
Angeles, a non-profit dedicated to advancing the social, political, and 
economic well-being of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. Colleen 
has also served as the Co-Director of the Asian Pacific American 
Legislative Staff Network. In this role, she took great pride in 
mentoring Asian American and Pacific Islander staff members. Because of 
her mentorship, countless individuals have entered and stayed in public 
service, leaving a lasting impact that will be felt for years to come.
  Colleen is married to David, and is a mom of three, Madeline, Hannah 
and Quinten along with her dog Austin.
  I am looking forward to her joining my United States Senate office, 
where she will serve as Deputy State Director. Her leadership and 
strategic vision will ensure I am able to serve all Californians.


                               Ann Peifer

  Ann Peifer began her career in public service as an intern for an 
Orange County State Senator while obtaining her B.A. in Social Ecology 
from UC Irvine in 1981. After serving in that office over ten years as 
a caseworker, field representative and ultimately district manager, she 
subsequently moved to the State Board of Equalization, State Assembly, 
and the City of Long Beach before re-joining the State Senate as my 
District Coordinator in 1997.
  Ann was the first person I hired when I was elected to public office. 
We met at an IHOP in Burbank and discussed how to establish my first 
district office and build out our staff. Her ambition, political 
acuity, and wealth of knowledge as a lifelong Californian and public 
servant prompted me to make Ann my District Director. After four years 
in my State Senate office, Ann moved with me to the House of 
Representatives, where she has served as my District Director ever 
since.
  As the longest-serving member of my staff, I owe Ann a debt of 
gratitude for building my constituent service operation and providing 
direction to our constituent services that is rooted in an authentic 
desire to help others and a dedication to public service that is 
unmatched.
  Under Ann's leadership, our staff has brought compassion, diligence, 
empathy, and a high level of professionalism to our constituents 
through casework and community engagement. Ann cares deeply for her 
staff and the nearly 750,000 constituents of California's 30th 
District. Her dedication to public service is underscored by the sheer 
volume of cases my staff has undertaken: Under Ann's leadership 
throughout my time in the CA State Legislature and House of 
Representatives, my office has resolved 36,000 cases for our 
constituents.
  Ann has been with me every step of the way--from the 21st State 
Senate District, to the 27th, 29th, 28th and now 30th Congressional 
District. I am grateful for her continuing service as my State Director 
in the United States Senate.


                       Margarita Pinon-Gutierrez

  Margarita Pinon-Gutierrez was born in Harbor City, California, and 
was raised in San Pedro. She attended Mary Star of the Sea High School 
in San Pedro and Los Angeles Harbor College in Wilmington. Prior to 
joining my office, she worked for UnidosUS, formerly known as the 
National Council of La Raza, the largest Latino nonprofit advocacy 
organization in the country, before moving into a life of public 
service to work for Lieutenant Governor Leo McCarthy, Rep. Esteban E. 
Torres (D-CA), and Rep. Hilda L. Solis (D-CA). Margarita also served as 
Administrative Assistant to several deans at San Pedro High School.
  Margarita has been a Caseworker on my team since 2007. I first met 
Margarita when I attended an event at Steven's Steak House and Seafood 
in Commerce, California, and I was deeply impressed with her dedication 
to the needs of Californians. Throughout her time with my office, she 
has handled casework involving the Social Security Administration, U.S. 
Department of State, Office of Workers' Compensation Programs, Office 
of Personnel Management, U.S. Navy, U.S. Army, U.S. Marine Corps, U.S. 
Coast Guard, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, 
Federal Bureau of Prisons, Department of Housing and Urban Development, 
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, U.S. Department of 
Education and the Internal Revenue Service.
  Margarita has provided translation services in Spanish to the 
constituents of my district and has served as a liaison to the 
community, attending numerous events of various organizations including 
the Glendale Latino Association and Adelante Latinos. Her warmth and 
dedication shines through every interaction she has with constituents, 
who are often navigating life-changing events.
  Margarita resides with her husband, Dennis, her brother, Luis Pinon, 
Jr., and her beloved dogs, Riley, Belle, Samantha and Lulu.
  Her passion for ensuring constituents have access to the services and 
resources they need drives her day-to-day work. I am grateful for her 
incredible expertise in navigating casework with a large range of 
federal agencies, and I look forward to seeing this commitment to 
service deployed in the United States Senate for the entire state of 
California.


                          Teresa Lamb Simpson

  Teresa Lamb Simpson is a part of a third generation born and raised 
in Pasadena, California. She took an interest in politics at an early 
age, as her grandfather served on the local school board and her mother 
was a volunteer who often took Teresa and her siblings to work on 
political campaigns. Teresa has worked in a variety of fields, 
including non-profits, law firms, restaurants, and retail management. 
Fighting the widespread aerial spraying of the insecticide malathion in 
Southern California in the late 1980s launched her into a career in 
politics.
  Teresa and I met during my earlier State Assembly campaign and 
crossed paths again in 1996 when she came on board to work as the 
Volunteer Coordinator for my successful State Senate campaign. After 
the election, she joined my staff as a District Representative in 1997 
and continued on to work on my House staff in 2001. Teresa has a true 
passion for helping people, serving as an exemplary community liaison 
between my constituents and me. She covered the geographic areas of 
Atwater Village, Echo Park, Elysian Valley, Los Feliz, Pasadena, Shadow 
Hills, Silver Lake, Sunland and Tujunga. In addition to her work as a 
liaison and invaluable relationship-builder, she organized my 
Congressional Art Competition for high school students for many years, 
trained and helped manage our office interns, coordinated several 
community outreach events and provided guidance to my constituents on 
various issues.
  Outside of her role in my office, Teresa is a pillar of the 
community. She was the co-coordinator of the Children's Village at the 
Arroyo Seco Earth Day Festival and served on the board of the United 
Nations Association, Pasadena Chapter, the executive boards of the 
Pasadena Police Activities League and the Pasadena Police Foundation, 
on the City of Pasadena's Commission on the Status of Women and on the 
City's Library Commission. She also volunteered with the Junior League

[[Page E1211]]

of Pasadena, Planned Parenthood Pasadena and San Gabriel Valley, and 
the YWCA Glendale and Pasadena. Currently, she is a co-founder and 
board member of the San Rafael Library Associates and active in local 
political organizations. For her community involvement, Teresa has been 
the recipient of the Rosemary Children's Services Golden Star Award, 
the Pasadena Police Chiefs Special Award for Excellence, the Democrat 
of the Year Award and THE Magazine's 50 Fabulous Women Over 50 Award.
  Married in 2002, Teresa and her husband, James Simpson, live in their 
hometown of Pasadena, California.
  Teresa will be joining me in the United States Senate, and I am 
grateful that she will continue her outstanding public service to my 
constituents throughout the State of California.
  In my twenty-three years in Congress, I have learned the important 
lesson that every member is only as good as their staff, and seldom as 
good as that. We could not do our jobs for our constituents without 
them and their labors, and my staff have been laser-focused on 
providing the highest level of service for the great people of Southern 
California. They have also fostered a phenomenal culture in both the 
district and D.C., one which has attracted and retained so many other 
brilliant and dedicated public servants through the years. These 
eight--who have each served more than ten years in the U.S. House--are 
some of the most dedicated, selfless, and talented individuals I have 
ever met, and I have been truly blessed to have them alongside me in 
serving our constituents in Burbank, Glendale, Hollywood, Pasadena and 
beyond.
  I also want to thank my other staff who will be coming with me to the 
U.S. Senate for their dedication, their public service, and their 
amazing intellect. I am so thankful that Danielle Fulfs, Marisol 
Samayoa, Kaitlyn Kelly, Jamie Thompson, Kyle Abrams, Dahvi Cohen, 
Manning Turkheimer, Colin Kruse, Mohamad Almouazzen, Maddie Barry, 
Christina Beros, and Jackson Boaz will also be joining me in the U.S. 
Senate.
  I owe each of these dedicated staffers my utmost gratitude, and I am 
looking forward to seeing all they will accomplish in the next chapter 
of our service to the people of California.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1211]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     CONGRATULATING CHRISTIN SUTTER

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. GREG LOPEZ

                              of colorado

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. LOPEZ. Mr. Speaker, Colorado high school women's volleyball coach 
Christin Sutter was recently awarded Coach of the Year from the 
Colorado High School Athletics Association. This award is presented to 
Christin for the significant improvements to Merino High School's 
volleyball program she has brought about over the past few years. Her 
dedication to her team and the women's volleyball program at Wiggins 
High and CHSAA is an inspiration to all.
  Every student deserves the opportunity to compete in sports. Coaches 
like Christin make that possible by coaching their players towards 
success on and off the court, teaching them skills like discipline, 
teamwork, and work ethic that will benefit them for years to come.
  It is my distinct privilege as the United States Representative of 
the 4th District of Colorado, to congratulate Christin for her hard 
work in achieving this award, and for improving Merino High School's 
women's volleyball team. Her dedication to the development of Colorado 
athletics cannot be understated, and I encourage Christin to continue 
cultivating the best women's volleyball program at Merino High for the 
betterment of her players and women's volleyball throughout Colorado.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1211]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     RECOGNIZING JAMES D. RODRIGUEZ

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. MARK TAKANO

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the service of James D. 
Rodriguez, the U.S. Department of Labor's Assistant Secretary for 
Veterans' Employment and Training Service (VETS). The Assistant 
Secretary has been a critical resource for the House Veterans' Affairs 
Committee, and we all owe him our gratitude for his life of public 
service.
  Mr. Rodriguez enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1988. 
Over the course of his 21-year career in the USMC, Mr. Rodriguez 
deployed several times, including as part of Operation Desert Storm and 
Operation Enduring Freedom.
  Mr. Rodriguez's post-military career has centered around supporting 
our Nation's Veterans. After separating from the USMC, he entered the 
private sector, spearheading Government Relations initiatives with 
companies like BAE systems and Deloitte. While at BAE, Mr. Rodriguez 
served as a liaison for the White House Joining Forces initiative while 
developing a program to hire Veteran employees. The program ultimately 
led to the hiring of more than 1,500 Veterans.
  In 2014, Mr. Rodriguez transitioned to a new role at the Department 
of Defense, serving as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, 
Office of Warrior Care Policy. Here, he developed a strategic roadmap 
to align business processes and procedures for WCP while working 
alongside international partners to enhance warrior care.
  In his current role with DOL, Mr. Rodriguez is responsible for 
preparing America's veterans, service members and their spouses for 
meaningful careers. During his tenure with DOL, he expanded DOL VETS' 
Vision statement to be inclusive of our reserve & Guard components and 
Military Spouses while aligning with the White House's Defense 
Industrial Base strategy to address critical labor shortages. He 
further served as the Department's Designee for the United States 
Interagency Council on Homelessness and co-chaired for the White 
House's taskforce on suicide prevention.
  For his efforts supporting Veterans and labor initiatives, Mr. 
Rodriguez recently received the University of Maryland's Global Campus' 
2024 Distinguished Alumnus Award, the highest alumni award granted at 
UMGC.
  Beyond his professional accolades, Mr. Rodriguez is a proud father to 
two daughters, Courtney and Casey Rodriguez, and a husband to Vanessa 
Rodriguez--who is also a Marine Veteran.
  I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Mr. Rodriguez for 
his outstanding professional achievements and his dedicated service to 
our Nation and its Veterans.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1211]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




     RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT LISA BLOOMER

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. PAT FALLON

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. FALLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Lisa Bloomer 
of Frisco, Texas, and present her with the Congressional Patriot Award. 
Lisa has dedicated herself to faithfully serving our community.
  Lisa was born in Abilene, Texas, and grew up in PIano. She attended 
PIano Senior High School and graduated from the University of North 
Texas in 1991 with a bachelor's degree and master's degree in tax 
accounting. In the following year, Lisa became a Certified Public 
Accountant and went on to work as an accountant for various businesses 
and healthcare firms for over three decades. She also launched her very 
own accounting practice in 1999 along with her father, which she still 
operates today.
  In addition to providing dependable tax services, Lisa has been 
involved in many community service initiatives across North Texas. From 
2019 to 2023, she served as the President of the Plano East Rotary 
Club, where she oversaw the development of the Plano Flags of Honor 
program. This program recognizes veterans and first responders each 
year for their selfless service and sacrifices to our community. 
Moreover, Lisa led the charge to preserve the City of Plano's annual 
4th of July and Christmas parades. Upon hearing they would be 
discontinued, she highlighted the importance and value that these 
signature events brought to families and children. As a result, Lisa 
was able to successfully advocate for their restoration. I am proud to 
recognize Lisa today for her outstanding work in supporting our 
community members and ensuring our veterans and first responders 
received the recognition they deserve. I know she will continue to make 
a positive impact in our community for many years to come.
  It is an honor to bestow Lisa with the Patriot Award for her 
exceptional service to the people of North Texas and I thank her for 
all she has done.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1211-E1212]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    HONORING PAUL AND EILEEN MUELLER

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. DEBBIE LESKO

                               of arizona

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Paul and Eileen 
Mueller for their years of service to our Nation, state, and community.
  I have known Paul and Eileen Mueller for years. They are great, 
loving people that work hard to preserve the principles that have made 
our Nation great.

[[Page E1212]]

  Paul and Eileen have been married for 39 years. They have two sons, a 
daughter, and a granddaughter. Paul was born and raised in Missouri and 
is an alumnus of the University of Utah. Eileen is a fourth generation 
Arizonan. Her ancestors came to Arizona in the late 1870s. Eileen is a 
descendant of immigrants that came to America on the Mayflower.
  Eileen worked tirelessly as the Republican Chairwoman of my Arizona 
State Legislative District for four years and as the treasurer for one 
and a half years. Eileen has also served as an Arizona Republican Party 
Precinct Committeeman for 11 years and as an Arizona Republican Party 
State Committeeman for 10 years.
  Paul has been an active Republican Party Precinct Committeeman and 
State Committeeman for 10 years.
  I appreciate everything that Paul and Eileen have done for our 
Nation, state, and community throughout the years.
  May God continue to Bless them and our great Nation.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1212]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         TRIBUTE TO DAVID PINE

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. KEVIN MULLIN

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and recognize David Pine, 
member of the San Mateo County Board of Supervisors, upon the 
conclusion of his tenure in service to our community.
  Born in Massachusetts in 1958, and raised in New Hampshire, Dave is a 
graduate of Dartmouth College, where he was awarded a Harry S. Truman 
scholarship. He was elected, at age 19, to the New Hampshire State 
House of Representatives, one of the youngest ever elected. Following 
his undergraduate studies Dave earned his Juris Doctorate from the 
University of Michigan Law School.
  Before focusing his career on public service, Dave worked as an 
attorney representing start-up and high-growth technology companies. 
After working in private practice with Fenwick & West, he served as 
Vice President and General Counsel for Radius, Excite@Home, and 
Handspring.
  Dave served on the Redwood City Planning Commission and was an 
elected school board member for the Burlingame School District from 
2003 to 2007 and the San Mateo Union High School District from 2007 to 
2011. He is also a past president of the San Mateo County School Boards 
Association.
  Dave was first elected to the San Mateo County Board of Supervisors 
in a special election in May 2011, and subsequently reelected in 2012, 
2016 and 2020. He served as Board President in 2014, 2018 and 2023. He 
has ably and with distinction represented District 1 which includes the 
cities of Burlingame, Hillsborough, Millbrae, and portions of San Bruno 
and South San Francisco; the unincorporated communities of San Mateo 
Highlands, Baywood Park and Burlingame Hills; and San Francisco 
International Airport.
  During his nearly 14 years on the San Mateo County Board of 
Supervisors, Dave has been on the forefront, crafting policies that 
reflect the diverse values of our community. He championed the creation 
of the San Mateo County LGBTQ Commission--now called LGBTQIA+ 
Commission--the first of its kind in the state and has served as Board 
liaison to the Commission since its inception, including providing 
staff support to the Director and commissioners. He also championed 
annual San Mateo County recognitions of Pride Month and Transgender Day 
of Remembrance and led the effort to establish the San Mateo County 
Pride Center, which provides high quality, LGBTQ+ affirming mental 
health services, including counseling, therapy and collaborative 
treatment planning.
  Dave led on gun safety, spearheading the County's Gun Violence 
Prevention Program and introducing a Safe Firearm Storage ordinance and 
a Firearm Dealer ordinance, and led efforts to garner County support of 
resident-led San Mateo County gun buyback events. He has been a strong 
advocate for individuals with developmental disabilities, expanding 
access to prevention programs and health and mental health access, and 
combatting poverty and homelessness. He has been an advocate for public 
transit and served on the San Mateo County Transit District and 
Caltrain boards of directors. He worked to support Measure W, a 2018 
half-cent sales tax for countywide transit improvement projects, which 
passed with 66.9 percent support.
  With Dave's appointment as Co-Chair of the San Mateo County Child 
Care Partnership Council in 2011, he began a dedicated approach to 
addressing the needs of children and their families by identifying 
local priorities for childcare and early learning services and 
developing policies and strategies for implementation. He is a founding 
member and Co-Chair of Build Up San Mateo County, established in 2017, 
which serves as a hub for multi-sector collaborations on advocacy, 
policy, technical assistance, financing, and development support to 
encourage the creation of child care facilities for employees, track 
local real estate projects for child care opportunities, identify 
resources to build new child care and preschool facilities, and 
generate funding to renovate existing facilities. Dave has consistently 
advocated for additional funding to support programs and policies such 
as the Community Equity Collaborative for the Teacher Pipeline Project 
to offer tuition-free Early Childhood Education classes.
  Concerned for our natural environment, and protecting our communities 
from the impacts of climate change, Dave has worked extensively on the 
intersecting issues of flood control, sea level rise, and tidal land 
restoration. As Chair of the San Francisco Bay Restoration Authority 
and member of the Governing Board since 2013, he helped pass a nine-
county Bay Area parcel tax, Measure AA, in 2016 that funds shoreline 
projects that protect and restore the Bay. He is the founding Chair of 
the San Mateo County Flood and Sea Level Rise Resiliency District, 
known as OneShoreline, the first county-level agency in the state to 
directly focus on flood control and sea level rise. The District was 
created following two Sea Level Rise/Water conferences he led in 2013 
and 2018, during which he and other San Mateo County leaders recognized 
the need for a coordinated response. I was pleased to work with Dave by 
authoring the legislation in the California State Assembly to create 
OneShoreline, a model for the rest of California and the nation on a 
regional approach to climate change adaptation.
  As a member of the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development 
Commission, Dave provided sound guidance on regional sea level rise 
planning for new shoreline projects, and was instrumental in helping 
the organization embrace much needed reforms and facilitating the 
resolution of longstanding complex regulatory entanglements. He 
provided his expertise as a board member and former chair of the San 
Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority which completed a significant 
flood and sea level rise mitigation project and has ambitious plans to 
protect an eleven mile stretch of the Bay shoreline.
  Dave championed the creation of San Mateo County's Office of 
Sustainability (OOS), now the Sustainability Department, and supported 
initiatives such as the County policy that requires all County 
buildings to identify the risk from sea level rise, electrification of 
the County's vehicle fleet, a 2017 resolution in support of the 
commitment to the Paris Agreement as a show of the County's ongoing 
promise to cut greenhouse gas emissions, development of the County's 
Climate Action Plan, and exploration of reach code policies.
  Among his most significant environmental accomplishment is the 
creation of Peninsula Clean Energy (PCE), which provides San Mateo 
County residents and businesses with cleaner energy at lower rates. He 
led the County effort to create the Community Choice Aggregation (CCA) 
structure starting in 2015. Through his leadership, and with the 
support of the then-County Office of Sustainability, all 20 cities in 
the county collaborated to form PCE in less than one year.
  With a steadfast commitment to public service, and a calm, analytical 
approach, Dave has been an outstanding steward for San Mateo County. He 
can be relied upon to approach matters with a solution-driven mindset. 
Dave is a respected and admired regional leader whose contributions to 
protecting our environment and preparing our community for the impacts 
of climate change will have a lasting impact, His thoughtful approach 
and building bridges serve as model for others to emulate.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please join me in congratulating 
Dave Pine for an exemplary record of service to the County of San 
Mateo, commending him for his tireless dedication of time and talent, 
and wishing him all the best in the years ahead.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1212-E1213]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                  HONORING THE SERVICE OF LARA DeLANEY

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. MARK DeSAULNIER

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. DeSAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of 
Lara DeLaney as she retires from her role as Contra Costa County Senior 
Deputy County Administrator.
  Lara was born in Southern California and raised in Jeddah, Saudi 
Arabia. She attended school in Jeddah where she excelled in athletics, 
serving as captain of the volleyball and swim teams and being the 
second-ranked women's tennis player in Jeddah. She then returned to the 
United States, studying literature at U.C. Santa Cruz and going on to 
earn her Master's in Regulatory and Aggregate Policy

[[Page E1213]]

from the Harris School of Public Policy at the University of Chicago. 
Lara then joined the San Joaquin Council of Governments as a Senior 
Regional Planner, focusing on transportation and land use policy.
  Throughout her career, Lara has demonstrated her steadfast dedication 
to improving the lives of Contra Costa residents. Lara moved to 
Martinez, California in 1998 and began her role as Senior Management 
Analyst for the Contra Costa County Administrator's Office where she 
has diligently served our community for the last 26 years. In this 
role, Lara has worked with a number of county agencies, providing 
legislative analysis and interacting with state and federal lobbyists. 
Furthermore, she was instrumental in establishing the County's Office 
of Reentry & Justice, which works to reduce recidivism rates, provide 
support to formerly incarcerated individuals, and promote equity. She 
also played a key role in the development of the County's Arts & 
Culture Master Plan. Additionally, Lara served on the Martinez City 
Council for over twenty years. She has been highly engaged with the 
Martinez Kiwanis Club, Rotary Club, Boys and Girl Club, and spearheaded 
the Joe DiMaggio Hometown Hero Project.
  Please join me in congratulating Lara Delaney on her well-deserved 
retirement after decades of outstanding public service.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1213]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                            EUGENE CARROCCIA

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. JEFFERSON VAN DREW

                             of new jersey

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. VAN DREW. Mr. Speaker, today, I want to honor Dr. Eugene 
Carroccia, a Quilt of Valor recipient and Vietnam War veteran, for his 
exceptional service as a Battalion Surgeon in the late '60s. Eugene had 
just completed medical school at the New Jersey College of Medicine and 
was about to begin his residency when the United States Army called him 
to serve his country. He was assigned to the Ninth Infantry Division, 
where he became the sole physician, with the responsibility for the 
medical well-being of all the soldiers entirely on his shoulders. Dr. 
Eugene participated in the Medical Civic Action Program, during which 
he and his medics provided medical care to local Vietnamese citizens, 
including children at Saigon orphanages, ensuring they received the 
best care possible. After his time in Vietnam, he was stationed at Fort 
Ord in California, where he was first introduced to plastic surgery by 
performing reconstructive surgery for service members. Following his 
service in the Army, he attended St. Louis University, where he 
completed his surgical residency and then a fellowship in Plastic and 
Reconstructive Surgery at the Medical College of Ohio. Eugene returned 
to South Jersey, where he dedicated over 40 years to medical treatment 
and surgery until his retirement in 2020. I thank Eugene for the 
outstanding care he provided to his fellow soldiers and to the 
residents of Southern Jersey. God bless Dr. Eugene, and God bless our 
United States of America.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E1213-E1214]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




               NEWSLETTER FROM CONGRESSMAN CHUCK EDWARDS

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. CHUCK EDWARDS

                           of north carolina

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following 
newsletter to give an update to my constituents on support for Western 
North Carolina in recovering from Hurricane Helene and reforms to the 
U.S. tax code.

       Dear Friend,
       Hurricane Helene devastated WNC, with 81 lives lost in 
     North Carolina's 11th District.
       In some areas, water crested up to 30 feet above normal 
     levels, though locals report crests as high as 40 feet, 
     destroying entire communities as it rushed through our 
     mountain valleys, carrying away homes, cars and roads.
       During a House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee 
     hearing, I shared insight into the aftermath of Helene, 
     including how FEMA's response was in some ways effective and 
     how, in other ways, there were significant issues that need 
     to be addressed.
       For example, on Day Three after the storm, FEMA announced 
     it had delivered 400 pallets of desperately needed water to 
     Western North Carolina, but when asked where those supplies 
     had been delivered, FEMA could not provide a single location.
       As members of Congress, it is our job to conduct rigorous 
     oversight and hold FEMA accountable for its disaster recovery 
     processes.
       The U.S. House must address the flaws in FEMA's response to 
     prevent further delays and confusion in the recovery process 
     for Western North Carolinians, and for survivors of any 
     future disaster.
       Rest assured, it is my top priority to continue to help WNC 
     recover and receive the assistance our communities need.
       House Appropriations Committee Chairman views hurricane 
     damage in WNC.
       Over the past few weeks, I've invited several legislators 
     to visit our district to see the damage firsthand. I'll need 
     each of them to fully understand the breadth of what is 
     needed for us to rebuild as I advocate for the necessary 
     funding. This has been helpful in gathering support for 
     supplemental disaster assistance to help our road to 
     recovery.
       Most recently, House Appropriations Committee Chairman Tom 
     Cole accepted my invitation and visited Western North 
     Carolina to personally see the impact of Hurricane Helene in 
     our mountains.
       Swannanoa and Marshall are just two of our small towns with 
     tremendous needs, and Chairman Cole's visit was another 
     important step toward securing funds that will help our 
     communities rebuild.
       Holding the National Institute of Health accountable.
       Making commonsense reforms to U.S. tax code.
       This week, the U.S. House passed a commonsense bill to fix 
     our tax code with my support.
       The Stop Terror Financing and Tax Penalties on American 
     Hostages Act would prevent the IRS from charging late fees to 
     American citizens who are wrongfully detained abroad.
       Americans who are wrongfully detained or held hostage are 
     currently provided only one year of tax relief. While these 
     individuals should be focusing on getting their lives back, 
     instead they are being charged late fees by the federal 
     government. This is a timely issue, with Americans still 
     being held hostage by Hamas. The last thing these Americans 
     and their families should have to worry about is settling an 
     unpaid tax bill.
       This legislation also revokes the tax-exempt status of U.S. 
     non-profit organizations that provide financial or material 
     support to terrorist groups like Hamas.
       No organization that supports terrorism should benefit from 
     the American tax code or receive a tax-exempt status.
       Newly launched Supply Information Hub.
       My office has launched a Supply Information Hub on my 
     website for folks affected by Hurricane Helene and those who 
     want to help.
       Multiple organizations have shared that they have an 
     overflow of resources they want to reallocate, and other 
     groups have voiced that they're still in need of certain 
     supplies.
       To help consolidate efforts, my team is stepping in to help 
     match supply requests with available resources.
       If you have extra supplies or if you're in need of a 
     specific product, please fill out the form on my website at 
     edwards.house.gov/hub, and my team will do our best to make 
     sure that resources go where they are needed.
       Do you need help with FEMA?
       As Western North Carolina continues to pick up the pieces 
     and rebuild after Hurricane Helene, I want to remind you that 
     you can apply for FEMA financial assistance to help ease the 
     financial burden of what you've lost.
       If you've applied for FEMA relief and need assistance 
     navigating the process, my Hendersonville office can engage 
     with FEMA directly on your behalf and guide you on what 
     documents are needed for your case.
       Please call my phone line dedicated to FEMA casework at 
     223-FIX-FEMA.
       Announcing Deputy Chief of Staff Jessie Frank.
       I'm excited to announce the promotion of Jessie Frank from 
     executive assistant to deputy chief of staff.
       Those who have worked with Jessie in her capacity as my 
     executive assistant can attest to her strong work ethic, 
     steadfast loyalty to my office, and attention to detail. 
     Since moving to DC, her leadership role has risen to new 
     heights, and her contributions are widely recognized not only 
     by our office, but by House Leadership, our committee staffs, 
     and a multitude of other Member offices.
       Jessie majored in political science at UNC Asheville, where 
     she graduated summa cum laude. As a student athlete on the 
     Bulldog swim team, she earned her college education through a 
     swimming scholarship as a student athlete. She also served 
     UNCA as editor-in-chief of Dignity, UNC Asheville's 
     undergraduate human rights journal.
       Before joining our DC team, Jessie served as legislative 
     assistant and committee clerk in the North Carolina State 
     Senate and interned with the NC Republican Senate Caucus.
       Her rich background of experience also includes assistant 
     swim coach, page to the Office of the Governor, intern at the 
     lobbying firm of Smith Anderson Law, and page for the North 
     Carolina House of Representatives.
       Jessie's promotion will provide her a path to further 
     develop her leadership skills on Capitol Hill, and to 
     contribute to our team's success on a new level.
       With my warmest regards,
                                                    Chuck Edwards,
                                               Member of Congress.

[[Page E1214]]

  

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1214]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




RECOGNIZING DIRECTOR OF ADVOCACY, TAYLOR MILLS, FOR HER EXCELLENT WORK 
         ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. DEAN PHILLIPS

                              of minnesota

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Director of 
Advocacy, Taylor Mills, for her work on behalf of every constituent in 
Minnesota's Third Congressional District. I am thrilled that the end of 
my time in Congress will not be the end of Taylor's service to the 
district, as she will now become the District Director for my 
successor, Congresswoman-Elect Kelly Morrison, and I could not be more 
proud or grateful for her service.
  Born and raised in Minnesota, Taylor earned a double major in 
Political Science and Justice and Peace Studies with a concentration in 
public policy analysis and advocacy from St. Catherine University and 
the University of St. Thomas. After college, she was offered the job of 
a lifetime in the Office of Governor Mark Dayton and (then) Lieutenant 
Governor Tina Smith. Her passion for constituent services and community 
engagement were fostered there until Governor Dayton's retirement. In 
early March of 2020, she was called upon to return to the Governor's 
Office, as the Director of Constituent Services and Public Engagement 
for Governor Tim Walz and Lieutenant Governor Peggy Flanagan. While 
there, she helped lead the team through multiple crisis situations 
including: COVID-19, the murders of George Floyd and Daunte Wright, and 
unprecedented numbers of constituent correspondence, casework, and 
community feedback. Transitioning from State Government to Federal, 
Taylor has brought a wealth of experience with her as she continues to 
build bridges in my office as the Director of Advocacy.
  Taylor is a seasoned professional with sound judgement, and her broad 
experience has proven invaluable. She is a problem solver and creative 
thinker--eager to rethink systems and processes that are no longer 
serving their purposes. Taylor is a thoughtful and caring manager who 
invests her time helping her team grow professionally while also 
getting to know them personally.
  Taylor is a fierce defender of the first amendment and capably 
coached my team members through moments of protest and celebration. 
Taylor is a natural in the community, building productive relationships 
and holding space for diverging viewpoints. Her approach to getting to 
the heart of the matter is most admirable as she does so in a gentle 
yet determined way. Taylor is Radical Hospitality in action--when you 
talk to her, you have her full attention. Taylor's bright spirit and 
warmth was a welcome addition to our office in a time of uncertainty 
and we instantly benefitted from her skills as a team-builder, morale-
booster, and candy-dish-stocker.
  Those who know Taylor well know that she is the biggest ``Swiftie'', 
the proudest of dog moms to her goldendoodle Ruthie (named in honor of 
her idol, Ruth Bader Ginsburg), and is fiercely passionate about making 
positive change in the world. She is incredibly kind, a listening ear 
to anybody who needs it, and a powerhouse in this work as a servant 
leader. She is a true professional in this field, and it has been a joy 
and an honor working with her over the past year and a half.
  The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to 
have her dedication and leadership, and I'm extraordinarily happy that 
she will continue to do this work and serve the Nation and the people 
of Minnesota's Third Congressional District. I wish Taylor all the best 
in her future endeavors and thank her for her service to this Nation in 
my office--and many more to come.








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1214]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    HONORING COUNCILMAN SEAN MORGAN

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. DOUG LaMALFA

                             of california

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. LaMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a good friend, Sean 
Morgan, who has served on the Chico City Council for the last 12 years. 
Like our American founders, he stepped up to serve and is returning 
back to private life. He has done an outstanding job for the City of 
Chico and must be recognized for his efforts.
  Sean moved to Chico in 1974 at age 4. He attended Citrus and Shasta 
Elementary Schools, Bidwell Jr. High, and Chico High. In 1993 Sean 
graduated from the Chico State College of Business.
  While raising his two boys, Ashton and Zachary, Sean was involved in 
local youth sports for over a decade as a coach, referee, and team 
parent. Sean's favorite time of year is any day he can watch his own 
children participating in any activities.
  Sean Morgan started his first company while still attending college 
and was traveling around the country speaking on the small business 
lecture circuit at age 25. It was here that he learned the value of 
budgets, living within one's means, and managing diverse groups of 
people. In addition to being a business owner, Sean teaches business at 
Chico State University.
  In 2012, he was elected as a Chico City Council member and has served 
multiple roles during his twelve years on the council. Sean's intent as 
a council member was clear, to return Chico to a safe place to raise a 
family, an ideal location for business, and a premier place to live. 
Sean served as Vice Mayor for two years and then Mayor for two years. 
He served on the Finance Committee for ten years, serving as the Chair 
for eight of those ten years.
  During his twelve years of service on the council, Sean was a strong 
defender of public safety, the rights of business owners, and the 
citizens. Sean has been a strong leader through numerous disasters, 
including the Oroville Dam Crisis, the Paradise Camp Fire, and the 
COVID pandemic, and fighting to clean up the City of Chico after a 
lopsided council created a homeless crisis and needle giveaway 
programs.
  On a personal note, for more than 12 years now Sean has been Mr. 
Chico. He has been the Master of Ceremonies for more events than I can 
count, including many of mine. He has raised money, he has volunteered, 
he has been the loudest, most consistent voice for common sense in 
difficult times. Sean Morgan has sacrificed for the City of Chico. If 
there was something that needed to be done, Sean is who we all counted 
on to get it done.
  The City, the County and I are grateful for his years of service and 
commitment to the City of Chico. With sincere appreciation I am happy 
to honor Sean Morgan for his extraordinary service and commitment. I 
thank Sean Morgan.

                          ____________________








[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E1214]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





 CELEBRATING THE INAUGURATION OF DR. ALI KASRAEIAN AS THE PRESIDENT OF 
                    THE DUVAL COUNTY MEDICAL SOCIETY

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. AARON BEAN

                               of florida

                    in the house of representatives

                       Tuesday, December 3, 2024

  Mr. BEAN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, the Doc is in. I rise today to 
celebrate the inauguration of Dr. Ali Kasraeian, MD, MHA, FACS, as the 
President of the Duval County Medical Society.
  For Dr. Kasraeian, taking care of the health of Jacksonville, Florida 
is a family affair. His parents, Dr. Shahala Masoud and Dr. Ahmad 
Kasraeian, are also esteemed physicians in the community. Dr. Kasraeian 
followed in their footsteps to become a distinguished urologist and 
surgeon.
  Dr. Kasraeian's contributions to the medical community are 
extraordinary. He has introduced cutting-edge technologies such as 
multiparametric MRI and MRI-ultrasound fusion prostate biopsy to the 
Jacksonville area. And for more than a decade, Dr. Kasraeian has been a 
dedicated leader within the Duval County Medical Society, consistently 
working to elevate healthcare standards in Northeast Florida.
  Beyond his clinical work, Dr. Kasraeian engages directly with the 
community through his weekly radio program, delivering vital health 
news and empowering listeners to make informed decisions about their 
well-being. His service reflects a deep commitment not only to 
advancing medical science, but also to fostering a healthier, better-
informed society.
  Mr. Speaker, as he steps into this leadership role, we honor Dr. Ali 
Kasraeian's legacy of excellence, innovation, and compassion. I 
congratulate Dr. Kasraeian on this well-deserved recognition of his 
service to Northeast Florida. Keep up the good work and let's go get 
`em.

                          ____________________








[Page H6209]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          MORNING-HOUR DEBATE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the order of the House of 
January 9, 2024, the Chair will now recognize Members from lists 
submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate.
  The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with time 
equally allocated between the parties and each Member other than the 
majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 
minutes, but in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m.

                          ____________________








[Page H6209]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following 
communication from the Speaker:

                                               Washington, DC,

                                                 December 3, 2024.
       I hereby appoint the Honorable Dale W. Strong to act as 
     Speaker pro tempore on this day.
                                                     Mike Johnson,
     Speaker of the House of Representatives.

                          ____________________








[Page H6209]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

[[Page H6209]]

House of Representatives

  The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro 
tempore (Mr. Strong).

                          ____________________








[Pages H6209-H6210]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          DANGERS OF COMMUNISM

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. Joyce) for 5 minutes.
  Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, right now, more than 500 
elementary, middle, and high schools across the U.S. contain Confucius 
classrooms. These programs, which have been introduced slowly over a 
number of years, share CCP propaganda and provide cover to communist 
regimes.
  At a time when Christians and Uyghurs are being persecuted in China, 
we cannot allow curriculums written in support of the Chinese Communist 
Party to be taught in the American classrooms.
  To address this issue, it is time to pass the Crucial Communism 
Teaching Act, which would direct the Victims of Communism Memorial 
Foundation to provide civic education curriculum and materials for 
middle and high school students about the true dangers of communism.
  I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. We cannot 
afford to allow this growing influence to continue in American 
classrooms.


                  Remembering Monsignor Raymond Balta

  Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the 
life of Monsignor Raymond Balta who passed away this weekend at the age 
of 80.
  For the past 28 years, Monsignor Balta has served as the pastor of 
St. Mary Byzantine Catholic Church in Johnstown where he led services, 
he prayed with his congregation, and he comforted those who were sick.
  During his time at St. Mary's, Monsignor Balta helped to grow and 
refurbish the parish, ensuring that congregants would be able to 
continue worshipping there for decades to come.
  At his retirement this past summer, Monsignor Balta was asked about 
his activities outside of his religious duties. In response, he said 
that the church does not exist in a vacuum and that the church is an 
integral part of the community.
  This afternoon, please join me and all those in Pennsylvania's 13th 
Congressional District in praying for the members of St. Mary Byzantine 
Catholic Church in Johnstown as they mourn the loss of their beloved 
Monsignor Raymond Balta.


               Greater Transparency from Federal Agencies

  Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this past weekend, as 
Americans celebrated Small Business Saturday by shopping small and 
working to support local businesses, those same businesses continued to 
struggle under oppressive Federal regulations.
  Under President Biden, burdensome rules have dramatically hurt small 
businesses that are forced to spend more time and money to meet Federal 
requirements. This week, the House will vote on the Prove It Act, which 
would require greater transparency from agencies on regulatory 
decisions that affect small businesses and ensure that small businesses 
can petition the SBA to review the economic impact of new rules and 
regulations.
  More than 61 million Americans are employed by small businesses, and 
any regulation that unfairly targets them is a danger to their families 
and the communities that rely on them every day.
  It is time to pass this legislation and stand up to the Biden 
administration's failed policies that have hurt our local economies 
over the past 4 years.


        Congratulating Geistown's Chief of Police Edward Porada

  Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate 
Geistown, Pennsylvania's new Chief of Police Edward Porada.
  Chief Porada brings 27 years of experience to the borough where he 
will continue his career in law enforcement.
  As a former canine officer, a former deputy sheriff, and a 
firefighter, Chief Porada has a deep understanding of public service, 
and the chief knows what it takes to serve and protect the people of 
Geistown.
  His background in criminal investigations and public safety make him 
the ideal leader in this role. I look forward to working with him to 
serve the people of Cambria County, addressing public safety and the 
issues that matter most to that wonderful community.

[[Page H6210]]

  

                          ____________________








[Page H6210]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




   NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER RESOLUTION RAISING A QUESTION OF THE 
                        PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE

  Mr. CASTEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I 
rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges 
of the House.
  The form of the resolution is as follows:
  House resolution directing the Committee on Ethics of the House of 
Representatives to release to the public the committee's report on its 
investigation into allegations against former Representative Matt 
Gaetz.
  Whereas, on April 9, 2021, the Committee on Ethics of the House of 
Representatives announced that it had begun to investigate allegations 
that Representative Matt Gaetz may have engaged in sexual misconduct 
and/or illicit drug use, shared inappropriate images or videos on the 
House floor, misused State identification records, converted campaign 
funds for personal use, and/or accepted a bribe, improper gratuity, or 
impermissible gift in violation of the rules of the House, laws, or 
other standards of conduct;
  Whereas, over 3 years, the Committee on Ethics of the House of 
Representatives compiled an extensive investigative record pursuant to 
Committee Rules 14(a)(3) and 18(a) into allegations that Representative 
Gaetz may have engaged in sexual misconduct and illicit drug use, 
accepted improper gifts, dispensed special privileges and favors to 
individuals with whom he had a personal relationship, and sought to 
obstruct government investigations of his conduct;

  Whereas, on November 13, 2024, Representative Matt Gaetz announced 
his resignation from Congress;
  Whereas, there is precedent for the Committee on Ethics of the House 
of Representatives to continue investigating and release reports of 
investigations into former Members of the House of Representatives;
  Whereas, in 1987, the Committee on Ethics of the House of 
Representatives released a report on its investigation into allegations 
of the misuse of campaign funds, improper gifts, the failure to reveal 
business interests on his financial disclosure, and the acceptance of a 
bribe by former Representative Bill Boner following his resignation 
from Congress;
  Whereas, in 1990, the Committee on Ethics of the House of 
Representatives released a report on its investigations of sexual 
misconduct allegations, which included having sexual intercourse with a 
minor and making sexual advances toward a congressional employee, 
against former Representative Don Lukens following his resignation from 
Congress;
  Whereas, in 2006, the Committee on Ethics of the House of 
Representatives released a report on its investigation into sexual 
misconduct allegations, which included sending sexually explicit images 
to at least one minor, against former Representative Mark Foley 
following his resignation from Congress;
  Whereas, in 2011, the Committee on Ethics of the House of 
Representatives continued its investigation into allegations of sexual 
misconduct against former Representative Eric Massa following his 
resignation; and
  Whereas, given the serious nature of the allegations against 
Representative Gaetz, a failure of the Committee on Ethics of the House 
of Representatives to publicly release its report on its investigation 
undermines the committee's credibility and impedes the safety, dignity, 
and integrity of the legislative proceedings of the House: Now, 
therefore, be it
  Resolved, that the Committee on Ethics of the House of 
Representatives shall immediately release the latest draft of its 
report and a summary of its findings to the public, including any 
conclusions, draft reports, recommendations, attachments, exhibits and 
accompanying materials, with such redactions as may be necessary and 
appropriate to protect sensitive information, including witness 
identities, relating to its investigation into allegations against 
former Representative Matt Gaetz.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. Van Duyne). Under rule IX, a resolution 
offered from the floor by a Member other than the majority leader or 
the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has 
immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair within 2 
legislative days after the resolution is properly noticed.
  Pending that designation, the form of the resolution noticed by the 
gentleman from Illinois will appear in the Record at this point.
  The Chair will not at this point determine whether the resolution 
constitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at 
the time designated for consideration of the resolution.

                          ____________________








[Page H6210]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
Casten) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance.
  Mr. CASTEN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows:

       I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of 
     America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation 
     under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.

                          ____________________








[Page H6210]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              THE JOURNAL

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the 
last day's proceedings and announces to the House the approval thereof.
  Pursuant to clause 1 of rule I, the Journal stands approved.

                          ____________________








[Page H6210]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                                 PRAYER

  The Chaplain, the Reverend Margaret Grun Kibben, offered the 
following prayer:
  Emmanuel, God with us, come and ransom us from all that seeks to hold 
us captive. Release us from our fears, attend to us in our loneliness, 
bring us back from our exile, and receive us once again into the 
certainty of Your favor.
  You who are wisdom, who has ordered all things, show us the path of 
Your knowledge, and teach us the ways we should go.
  Bright morning star, bring us Your comfort. Divine dayspring, shine 
down on us the promise of Your kingdom and bring us Your consolation. 
Light of the world, dispel the shadows of our night and turn our 
darkness into day.
  O come, O King of kings, come and bind our hearts to Your own. Bid 
cease all our sad divisions. Shake all the nations so that our deepest 
desires for Your justice and mercy would be revealed. Fill this House 
and our lives with Your glory. King of peace, reign in our lives this 
day.
  For it is in Your sovereign name we pray.
  Amen.

                          ____________________








[Page H6210]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1400
                              AFTER RECESS

  The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the 
Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Strong) at 2 p.m.

                          ____________________








[Page H6210]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





                                 RECESS

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the 
Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today.
  Accordingly (at 12 o'clock and 6 minutes p.m.), the House stood in 
recess.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6210-H6211]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1415
     HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF GREEN COVE SPRINGS, FLORIDA

  (Mr. BEAN of Florida asked and was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. BEAN of Florida. Madam Speaker, what do Green Cove Springs, 
Florida, and fine wine have in common?
  They both get better with age.
  Madam Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 150th anniversary of 
Green Cove Springs, Florida, which was founded on November 2, 1874.
  Green Cove Springs, my wife Abby's hometown, has been a thriving 
community for over 150 years. The city got its name from its beautiful 
mineral spring, which attracted folks who arrived by train or boat from 
all over the country and helped Green Cove Springs grow into the unique 
town it is today.
  Madam Speaker, 150 years is such a milestone that the city began 
their anniversary celebration on Saturday, November 2, and they are 
planning dozens of events throughout 2025.

[[Page H6211]]

  I invite my colleagues to join me in celebrating Green Cove Springs, 
Florida, its past, present, and future.
  Here is to 150 more years of community spirit.

                          ____________________








[Page H6211]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair 
will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules 
on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes 
objected to under clause 6 of rule XX.
  The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later 
time.

                          ____________________








[Page H6211]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




DESIGNATION OF INDIVIDUAL AS CO-CHAIR TO THE NATIONAL COMMISSION ON THE 
                           FUTURE OF THE NAVY

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces, on behalf of the 
Speaker and the Republican Leader of the Senate, their joint 
designation, pursuant to 1092(b)(2) of the James M. Inhofe National 
Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2023 (Public Law 117-263), 
and the order of the House of January 9, 2023, of the following 
individual to serve as Co-Chair of the Commission on the Future of the 
Navy:
  Ms. Mackenzie Eaglen, Arlington, Virginia

                          ____________________








[Page H6211]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                  HOUSTON FREEDMEN'S TOWN CONSERVANCY

  (Mrs. LEE CARTER asked and was given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.)
  Mrs. LEE CARTER. Madam Speaker, today I rise to highlight the Houston 
Freedmen's Town Conservancy, an organization dedicated to preserving 
the legacy of Freedmen's Town in the Fourth Ward of Houston, Texas, one 
of the most historic African-American communities in our Nation.
  On June 19, 1865, the day now known as Juneteenth, when General 
Granger enforced the Emancipation Proclamation in Galveston, many 
formerly enslaved people made their way to Houston, where they built a 
thriving community against incredible odds.
  The Houston Freedmen's Town Conservancy, established in 2018, plays a 
crucial role in preserving this nationally registered historical site. 
I acknowledge its leadership, President Eileen Lawal, and Vice 
President Harry Johnson, who continue to protect this community's 
history.
  I encourage Americans to visit the Freedmen's Town Museums Houston, 
founded in 1996, which continues to educate the public about the 
community's rich legacy, inspired by the vision of Olee Yates 
McCullough and her father, Rutherford B.H. Yates.
  Thanks to these organizations, Freedmen's Town has been designated as 
Houston's first heritage district and has earned recognition in 
UNESCO's Routes of Enslaved Peoples Project.
  Preserving Freedmen's Town is essential not just to honor the past, 
but to ensure that all generations understand the sacrifices and 
achievements of the formerly enslaved.

                          ____________________








[Page H6211]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       TRUMP REDUCES REGULATIONS

  (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to 
address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Madam Speaker, small businesses are 
vital to America. In fact, more than 99 percent of American businesses 
are considered small, employing nearly 62 million people across the 
United States. Last year, in South Carolina alone, there were 479,000 
small businesses employing over 840,000 people.
  To promote existing rules to protect small businesses for jobs, this 
week House Republicans will consider the Prove It Act.
  This bill requires transparency from agencies on regulatory decisions 
and empowers small businesses to petition the Small Business 
Administration to review proposed regulations. To actually promote 
decentralized democracy, President Trump, in his first term, deleted 
eight regulations for any new regulation, with real power to the 
people.
  President-elect Trump and Republicans are committed to putting small 
businesses before red tape.
  In conclusion, God bless our troops as the global war on terrorism 
continues. Open borders for dictators put all Americans at risk of more 
9/11 attacks imminent as warned by the FBI. Trump will reinstitute 
existing laws to protect American families with peace through strength.

                          ____________________








[Page H6211]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                             PIES OF THANKS

  (Mr. DAVIS of North Carolina asked and was given permission to 
address the House for 1 minute.)
  Mr. DAVIS of North Carolina. Madam Speaker, while many of us joined 
our families and friends for Thanksgiving, first responders and 911 
telecommunicators reported for duty to keep our communities safe.
  During our second annual Pies of Thanks, we traveled and extended 
Thanksgiving greetings to them in all 19 counties in North Carolina's 
First Congressional District on the same day.
  We delivered pies to those working to show our unyielding 
appreciation for all of the fantastic work they do.
  We must always join in demonstrating our genuine gratitude to the 
unsung heroes of our communities.
  Thank you to our first responders and 911 telecommunicators, who are 
often the first responders of our first responders, across eastern 
North Carolina.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6211-H6212]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




        GOOD FAITH EXCEPTION TO THE IMPOSITION OF CERTAIN FINES

  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (S. 3960) to amend title 35, United States Code, to provide a good 
faith exception to the imposition of fines for false assertions and 
certifications, and for other purposes.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                                S. 3960

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. GOOD FAITH EXCEPTION TO THE IMPOSITION OF CERTAIN 
                   FINES.

       Title 35, United States Code, is amended--
       (1) in section 41(j), by inserting ``, unless the entity 
     shows that the assertion was made in good faith,'' before 
     ``be subject''; and
       (2) in section 123(f), by inserting ``, unless the entity 
     shows that the certification was made in good faith,'' before 
     ``be subject''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
California (Mr. Issa) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California.


                             General Leave

  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
insert extraneous material on S. 3960.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from California?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Madam Speaker, this bill is a win for small businesses and small 
inventors.
  Small businesses may qualify for reduced application fees when 
applying at the United States Patent and Trademark Office. However, 
under 35 U.S.C. sections 41 and 123, a small business may claim small-
entity or micro-entity status. For example, the standard cost of filing 
a utility patent is $320. A small entity, however, pays just one-half 
of that, $128; and a micro entity is charged only $64.
  When Congress passed the Unleashing American Innovators Act in 2023, 
the law required the United States Patent and Trademark Office director 
to impose punitive fines on entities falsely asserting or certifying 
entitlement to these reduced fees. This was intended to deter 
unscrupulous actors from claiming the benefit for which they did not 
qualify.
  However, in that bill, we granted no exceptions under existing laws 
for those who made an honest error in good faith. For example, if an 
employee is mistakenly categorized as a contractor rather than an 
employee, a good-faith mistake could cause them to claim the wrong 
status. Or if there is a mistake in information provided by another 
company that is a licensee, that could also result in that.
  The impact of these punitive fines would be disproportionate to the 
honest mistake. These harsh fines may deter entities from seeking the 
benefit of small- or micro-entity status since

[[Page H6212]]

the potential cost of the fine would far outweigh the benefit.
  To ensure that small businesses can get these reduced fees, in 
concert with the House, S. 3960 gives the USPTO director the authority 
to waive punitive penalties when a business demonstrates that it acted 
in good faith.
  Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support S. 3960 which will 
ensure that small businesses, if claiming incorrectly, have an 
opportunity to make right their mistake, and I reserve the balance of 
my time.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume.
  Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 3960. This legislation 
makes a minor technical change to give the Patent and Trademark Office 
the flexibility to decide when to penalize patent applicants for false 
certifications of eligibility for fee reductions.
  When Congress passed the Unleashing American Innovators Act as part 
of the government funding package for fiscal year 2023, we did so with 
the intention of making patents no longer the sport of kings but an 
opportunity for inventors to make a decent living.
  Innovators should not have to work for a Big Tech company, major 
manufacturer, or any other powerhouse of industry to be able to file a 
patent, but that is exactly what often happens.
  Financial hurdles associated with obtaining and owning a patent, from 
hiring a lawyer to searching for prior art, to paying standard 
application fees, can prevent individuals from seeking patents for 
their inventions. Barriers to entry like these hurt everyone, but above 
all they hurt women, veterans, and minorities who often do not have the 
resources to go it alone.
  The result is that fewer ideas make it out there into the American 
innovation space. All of our talent becomes siloed in just a few 
companies and in just a few industries, and prospective creators shelve 
their ideas for another day.
  The Unleashing American Innovators Act sought to disrupt the current 
state of play by making a series of good-government changes to the way 
the USPTO works, including by increasing the discount on fees for small 
and micro entities and by imposing penalties for making fraudulent 
certifications to obtain a discount.
  However, I am sure many out there will be shocked to learn that 
Congress sometimes makes mistakes, and in creating these new fee 
waivers and associated penalties for trying to abuse said waivers, we 
neglected to consider that applicants can make honest mistakes in their 
applications.
  If innovators are too afraid to apply for financial exemptions 
because penalties for honest mistakes can lose them a chance at a 
patent, then all of our improvements may as well simply not exist.

  S. 3960 would correct this minor error. Under this legislative fix, a 
USPTO director would no longer be forced to fine a good-faith actor who 
erroneously asserts that they are entitled to a fee reduction for 
small- or micro-entity status. By allowing for honest mistakes in the 
application process, this technical fix will ensure that everyone has a 
seat at the table.
  I thank the chairman of the Courts, Intellectual Property, and the 
Internet Subcommittee, Mr. Issa, for introducing the House version of 
this legislation, which I was proud to join along with Congresswoman 
Ross. I thank Ms. Ross for leading the Unleashing American Innovators 
Act.
  This legislation has already passed the Senate, and I encourage all 
Members to support it so that we can send it to the President's desk.
  Madam Speaker, in closing, failing to account for good-faith mistakes 
harms the exact same people the Unleashing American Innovators Act 
sought to help. Individuals and entities that can barely afford filing 
fees certainly do not have the financial resources to weather a hefty 
fine.
  Moreover, unlike large entities, the prospect of losing a patent 
associated with an erroneous application could very well mean losing 
everything. Smaller entities, therefore, are the most likely to avoid 
the risk of applying for the very programs that exist to help them.
  This legislation will ensure that the USPTO director will no longer 
be forced to fine inventors who make honest mistakes when they apply 
for a patent, ensuring that the people we were trying to help in 
creating the program are not chilled from participation.
  Again, I support this legislation, I encourage my colleagues to do 
the same, and I yield back the balance of my time.

                              {time}  1430

  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for 
the purposes of closing.
  Madam Speaker, we often get chastised in the House for not admitting 
our mistakes, but when a technical error could potentially lead to 
damages to the private sector, it is one of those areas I am proud to 
say that the Judiciary Committee is bipartisan and quick to recognize. 
In concert with the Senate, we have done so today.
  Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to vote for the bill, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from California (Mr. Issa) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 3960.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6212-H6213]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




 CONSOLIDATION OF CERTAIN DIVISIONS IN THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA

  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 7177) to amend title 28, United States Code, to consolidate 
certain divisions in the Northern District of Alabama, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7177

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. CONSOLIDATION OF CERTAIN DIVISIONS IN THE NORTHERN 
                   DISTRICT OF ALABAMA.

       Section 81(a) of title 28, United States Code, is amended--
       (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking 
     ``seven'' and inserting ``five'';
       (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ``and Lauderdale'' and 
     inserting ``Lauderdale, and Lawrence'';
       (3) in paragraph (2)--
       (A) by striking ``Lawrence,'';
       (B) by inserting after ``Madison,'' the following: 
     ``Marshall,''; and
       (C) by striking ``and Decatur'';
       (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ``Clay, Cleburne,'' and 
     inserting ``Cherokee, Clay, Cleburne, DeKalb, Etowah, Saint 
     Clair,'';
       (5) in paragraph (5), by striking ``Greene, Pickens, 
     Sumter, and Tuscaloosa'' and inserting ``Fayette, Greene, 
     Lamar, Marion, Pickens, Sumter, Tuscaloosa, Walker, and 
     Winston'';
       (6) by striking paragraph (6); and
       (7) by striking paragraph (7).

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
California (Mr. Issa) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California.


                             General Leave

  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
include extraneous material on H.R. 7177.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from California?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Madam Speaker, this is, in fact, a good, commonsense reform that has 
come from the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Strong), who has shepherded 
this bill.
  At this time, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman 
from Alabama (Mr. Strong) to speak on his bill.
  Mr. STRONG. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.
  Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 7177, which will 
improve the organization of the Federal courts in the Northern District 
of Alabama.
  Specifically, this bill will ensure that Alabamians are assigned to 
the closest and most convenient Federal courthouse, which will 
eliminate unnecessary and burdensome travel expenses. This commonsense 
proposal, which was

[[Page H6213]]

approved by the Judicial Conference of the United States earlier this 
year, reflects how cases have been managed following courthouse 
closures for over 60-plus years since these boundaries were last 
amended.
  The Judicial Conference said it best: H.R. 7177 supports the 
efficient administration of justice.
  I thank the Members of the Alabama delegation who have joined me to 
support the efficient administration of justice in north Alabama. I 
urge all of our colleagues to join me in supporting this proposal.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume.
  Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 7177, which would 
amend title 28 of the United States Code to consolidate certain 
divisions in the Northern District of Alabama. By reducing the 
divisions of the Northern District of Alabama from seven to five and 
reorganizing some Alabama counties within those divisions, this bill 
reallocates the judicial docket across the district, ensuring that the 
2.8 million residents of the Northern District of Alabama have access 
to a speedy judicial system.
  When a courthouse closes, we may not hear about it here in our 
Nation's Capital, but the people who live and work in those judicial 
districts are intimately aware of the deleterious effect of courthouse 
closures on their community: Office workers lose their jobs. Other 
nearby courthouses become overcrowded, and thousands of people are left 
wondering if our judicial system will still work for them when they 
need it most.
  That is exactly what is happening in the Northern District of 
Alabama. After courthouses closed, the district itself requested these 
changes, which were elevated to Congress by the Judicial Conference of 
the United States earlier this year. These changes prescribed in this 
legislation are not meaningless, technical edits. Moving some Alabama 
counties to different judicial divisions would make a world of 
difference to the people who live and work in those communities.
  About 59 percent of the population of Alabama lives in the Northern 
District, which includes 31 of the State's 67 counties, and 2 of the 
State's most populous cities, Birmingham and Huntsville. Since so many 
Americans rely on the Northern District of Alabama to access our 
courthouse doors, the judicial system there must be able to spread a 
large volume of cases across its different divisions.
  This is not a question of apportionment. Our country cannot have a 
flourishing justice system when residents are unduly burdened in their 
attempts to access it.
  Madam Speaker, I thank the Representatives from Alabama, especially 
the sponsor, Congressman Strong, for introducing this legislation, and 
I encourage all of my colleagues to support the bill.
  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of 
my time for the purposes of closing.
  Madam Speaker, by reallocating the judicial docket across the 
district, this bill ensures that 2.8 million residents of the Northern 
District of Alabama have access to a speedy judicial system. In a 
Nation such as ours, where the population is constantly evolving, our 
judicial system must be responsive to the needs of residents no matter 
where they live.
  Constituents in different divisions of the Northern District of 
Alabama deserve a courthouse that is geographically convenient so that 
they do not have to drive hours away from home to access the American 
judicial system.
  Responding to the needs of these residents is a small step in the 
right direction toward making our judicial system work for everyone, 
not just those who are fortunate enough to live close to a Federal 
courthouse in a metropolis.
  Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to support the bill and send it to 
the Senate, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for 
the purposes of closing.
  Madam Speaker, we are the United States of America, and it is, in 
fact, the people of the State of Alabama who have asked for this, the 
people's Representatives of Alabama who have unanimously supported it, 
and the Judicial Conference which studied it and found it to be 
appropriate.
  Today, I am honored to be part of the other 49 States ratifying the 
need of one in their best interest as they brought it to us, which is, 
in fact, what the United States was formed for, is to support the 
common good and the individual States in any way that we can.

  Madam Speaker, I urge Members to support this bill, vote it out, and 
send it to the Senate. I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from California (Mr. Issa) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 7177, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6213-H6214]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




 AMENDING TITLE 28, UNITED STATES CODE, TO AUTHORIZE HOLDING COURT FOR 
          THE CENTRAL DIVISION OF UTAH IN MOAB AND MONTICELLO

  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 8666) to amend title 28, United States Code, to authorize 
holding court for the Central Division of Utah in Moab and Monticello.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8666

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. JUDICIAL DISTRICT.

       Section 125 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by 
     striking ``and St. George'' and inserting ``St. George, Moab, 
     and Monticello.''

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
California (Mr. Issa) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson) each 
will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California.


                             General Leave

  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
include extraneous material on H.R. 8666.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from California?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Madam Speaker, our Federal courts are critical to ensuring that 
Americans have access to justice. The Central Division of the District 
of Utah is currently authorized to hold court only in Salt Lake City, 
Provo, and St. George. For residents of southeastern Utah, however, 
traveling to those courthouses is burdensome and requires hours of 
driving, and it affects their ability to access the Federal court 
system.
  H.R. 8666 addresses these issues at essentially no cost to the U.S. 
Government. The bill authorizes the Central Division of the District of 
Utah to hold court in Moab and Monticello in southeastern Utah, in 
addition to those other locations allowed by law.
  In addition, this will be free of cost because the District of Utah 
already has agreements in place with State and county courthouses in 
those cities. Those facilities are being provided at no cost to the 
Federal Government because they are in the best interests of the people 
of Utah.
  These changes, which have been requested by the District of Utah, are 
endorsed by the Judicial Conference of the United States and the United 
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. In fact, it is also 
endorsed by the U.S. Attorney's Office and the Federal Public 
Defender's Office for the District of Utah.
  Madam Speaker, I strongly urge the passage of this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 8666, which would 
amend title 28 of the United States Code to

[[Page H6214]]

authorize holding court in the Central Division of Utah in Moab and 
Monticello.
  Adding two additional places to hold court in the Central Division of 
Utah would help ameliorate the consequential barriers to jury service 
and court attendance faced by the Federal courts in southeastern Utah. 
Moab and Monticello are geographically remote, making it difficult for 
Americans in those communities to readily exercise their Seventh 
Amendment rights.
  We are here today because it makes no sense that litigants should 
incur dramatically increased travel time and administrative costs to 
seek justice just because someone lives far from the nearest big city.
  Every day, the ratio of Federal judges to Americans decreases as our 
population continues to increase. That means that every day our 
constituents are a little less protected by the United States court 
system than they were the day before.
  Legislation like this bill will help alleviate the burdens of our 
court system, and it is widely popular on both sides of the aisle. That 
is no small feat.
  Congress first organized Utah as one judicial district in 1894 with 
one authorized judgeship. The State's steady growth prompted Congress 
to add four additional judgeships over the last 100-plus years and to 
increase the number of places to hold court in Utah. We are at another 
such inflection point today.
  This bill before us has been requested by the local Federal district, 
as well as the Judicial Conference, to meet this moment. Small steps, 
such as passing this bill today, are positive moves in the right 
direction to help the people of Utah gain equal access to justice.
  I thank Congresswoman Maloy and Congressman Curtis for sponsoring 
this legislation to improve the lives of the residents of Utah, and I 
encourage all of my colleagues to support the bill.
  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the 
gentlewoman from Utah (Ms. Maloy).
  Ms. MALOY. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 
8666, to amend title 28, United States Code, to authorize the holding 
of court for the Central Division of Utah in Moab and Monticello, Utah.
  I start by thanking my colleagues for their comments and support.
  Madam Speaker, allowing the Federal court to meet in Monticello and 
Moab allows all types of civil and criminal court proceedings in 
southeastern Utah, particularly jury trials.
  Jury summonses for Utahns in this part of the State require a five-
hour drive one way from places like Blanding to Salt Lake City, and 
that is a little over 300 miles.
  Some criminal cases have to be heard more than four hours from where 
the crime occurred, and then witnesses, law enforcement, and victims 
bear the burden of that travel, as do the U.S. marshals when they 
transport defendants in criminal cases for jury trials.
  This area would also serve the Navajo Nation in the Four Corners part 
of Utah, where Federal courts have special jurisdiction. Important 
civil cases require the same kind of travel arrangements.
  Madam Speaker, last week in southwestern Utah, I personally was able 
to witness the investiture of the first Federal judge dedicated 
specifically to southwestern Utah. I have seen how much that means to 
those communities in my district, where they can have their day in 
court and where they have a court in their community. They feel like 
they have a connection to the judicial system, and that is a really 
important part of maintaining faith in our institutions and faith in 
our judicial system. I love to see us working toward getting 
southeastern Utah the same opportunity.
  Our courts are an indispensable part of our Constitution for 
peacefully resolving our disputes and for administering justice. I am 
proud to say that this bill helps ensure that rural Utahns have ready 
access to justice, the judicial branch of their government, and the 
court system.
  Madam Speaker, I thank my fellow Utahns for their support and urge my 
House colleagues to pass H.R. 8666.

                              {time}  1445

  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my 
time.
  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, Americans deserve accessible 
courts close to their homes. There is no reason litigants should incur 
dramatically increased travel time and administrative costs to seek 
justice just because someone lives far from the nearest large city.
  Adding two additional places to hold court in the Central Division of 
Utah would make the system just a little bit fairer for the people who 
live there.
  Madam Speaker, for that reason, I urge all Members to support the 
bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.
  Madam Speaker, in closing, this is yet another bill that says a great 
deal about the way Members of Congress know their districts. Members of 
Congress travel their districts. They understand the needs of it, so 
when a Congresswoman like Ms. Maloy comes to us, she comes knowing what 
she needs and has already done the homework, both in traveling and in 
working with the Judicial Conference.
  This is yet another example where the right answer comes from the 
people closest to the people, the individual Representatives. The 
committee is proud and happy to support this commonsense change.
  Madam Speaker, I urge support of the underlying bill, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from California (Mr. Issa) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 8666.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6214-H6216]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




        PROTECTING AMERICANS FROM RUSSIAN LITIGATION ACT OF 2024

  Mr. HUNT. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 9563) to amend title 28, United States Code, to limit the 
availability of civil actions affected by United States sanctions, and 
for other purposes.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 9563

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Protecting Americans from 
     Russian Litigation Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. STATEMENT OF POLICY.

       It is the policy of the United States--
       (1) to ensure that United States persons are not 
     disadvantaged for actions or omissions undertaken to comply 
     with United States sanctions and export controls; and
       (2) to ensure that foreign persons, or those acting on 
     their behalf, cannot obtain compensation for any action 
     directly or indirectly related to United States persons 
     attempting in good faith to comply with their obligations 
     under United States sanctions.

     SEC. 3. LIMITATION ON CIVIL ACTIONS AFFECTED BY UNITED STATES 
                   SANCTIONS.

       (a) In General.--Chapter 111 of title 28, United States 
     Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:

     ``Sec. 1660. Limitation on civil actions affected by United 
       States sanctions

       ``(a) Limitation.--Notwithstanding any provision of law, a 
     person may not bring a civil action in Federal court to 
     obtain relief for a claim where--
       ``(1) the underlying conduct or circumstances giving rise 
     to the claim resulted from the imposition of United States 
     sanctions impeding the performance of a contract (whether 
     directly or indirectly, or in whole or in part); and
       ``(2) the United States sanctions described in paragraph 
     (1) went into effect after the date on which the contract was 
     executed.
       ``(b) Rule of Construction.--Nothing in this section may be 
     construed to limit--
       ``(1) the authority of the President, or any delegate of 
     the President (including the Office of Foreign Asset Control 
     of the Department of the Treasury), to restrict or authorize 
     legal services, to enter into a settlement agreement, or to 
     enforce any lien, judgment, arbitral award, decree, or other 
     order through execution, garnishment, or other judicial 
     process; or
       ``(2) any right, remedy, or cause of action available to a 
     victim of international terrorism, torture, extrajudicial 
     killing, aircraft sabotage, or hostage taking, who is, or

[[Page H6215]]

     was at the time of the victim's injury, a national of the 
     United States, a member of the United States Armed Forces, an 
     employee of the United States Government, or an individual 
     performing a contract awarded by the United States Government 
     acting within the scope of their employment, or a family 
     member of any such victim, under any applicable State or 
     Federal law, including--
       ``(A) chapter 97 of this title;
       ``(B) chapter 113B of title 18; and
       ``(C) the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act 
     of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8701 et seq.), and any other laws 
     providing for the application of sanctions with respect to 
     Iran or Syria.
       ``(c) United States Sanctions Defined.--In this section, 
     the term `United States sanctions' means any prohibition, 
     restriction, or condition on transactions involving property 
     in which any foreign country or national thereof has an 
     interest that is imposed by the United States to address 
     threats to the national security, foreign policy, or economy 
     of the United States pursuant to--
       ``(1) section 203 of the International Emergency Economic 
     Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702); or
       ``(2) any other provision of law, including any export 
     controls.''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. Miller of West Virginia). Pursuant to 
the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hunt) and the gentleman from 
Georgia (Mr. Johnson) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas.


                             General Leave

  Mr. HUNT. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
insert extraneous material on H.R. 9563.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Texas?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. HUNT. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support for H.R. 9563, the Protecting 
Americans from Russian Litigation Act of 2024.
  The Protecting Americans from Russian Litigation Act is simple. It is 
about protecting American businesses that are being unfairly punished 
by our adversaries.
  U.S. sanctions are a vital tool of American foreign policy that 
safeguard peace and security, but there are times when U.S. sanctions 
can put American businesses in difficult situations. A U.S. business 
that sells goods in Russia, for example, may no longer be able to 
fulfill orders or complete contracts because of said sanctions.
  In such sanctions, their Russian customers have been known to go to 
Russian courts for breach of contract or other claims. Suffice it to 
say, American businesses aren't likely to be treated fairly in a 
Russian court these days.
  Russia is engaging in frivolous legal action against American 
companies because they divested out of their country after they invaded 
Ukraine.
  Whether it is Russia, China, Iran, or any of America's adversaries, 
we have an obligation to protect America's interests and America's 
businesses at home and abroad. This bill would protect U.S. businesses 
and ensure that they are not unfairly punished for simply complying 
with U.S. sanctions and export controls. Similar provisions protect 
European companies in the EU courts, and it is high time that Americans 
get the same protections.
  That is why this bill is so important in protecting American 
companies from unfair litigation. It will provide protection for U.S. 
companies by barring civil action against those who are forced to 
breach a contract because of compliance with U.S. sanctions and export 
controls. American companies shouldn't be forced to pay penalties for 
doing the right thing and complying with U.S. law.
  Madam Speaker, I am proud to co-lead the Protecting Americans from 
Russian Litigation Act of 2024 with my colleague from Maryland, Mr. 
Glenn Ivey. I am also honored to have my fellow Judiciary Committee 
colleagues, Jerry Nadler, Darrell Issa, Scott Fitzgerald, Hank Johnson, 
and Laurel Lee, join as original cosponsors.
  Protecting our businesses from being targeted by adversaries is not a 
partisan issue, which is why this bill passed the Judiciary Committee 
with bipartisan support on a voice vote. This bill proves that even in 
a divided Congress, we can still work across the aisle in a bipartisan 
manner on the issues that matter to the United States the most.
  Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 9563. I commend 
all the bill's sponsors and the Judiciary Committee for their hard work 
on this important bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume.
  Madam Speaker, H.R. 9563, the Protecting Americans from Russian 
Litigation Act of 2024, is targeted legislation to eliminate a loophole 
in U.S. law that could allow Russian companies to take advantage of 
Americans in the United States Federal court system.
  Under the Biden-Harris administration, the United States has 
sanctioned thousands of Russians and Russian entities. Agencies across 
our government, including but not limited to the United States 
Treasury, the Department of Commerce, and the Office of Foreign Assets 
Control have worked to make foreign aggression unaffordable for the 
Russian war machine.
  Sanctioned Russian entities, for the most part, have little recourse. 
A Russian company, for example, cannot physically force U.S. software 
companies to license platforms or provide them with IT services.
  In some limited situations, however, sanctioned Russian entities 
could bring suit in the United States Federal court system. The 
legislation before us today would close that loophole.
  H.R. 9563 amends title 28 of the United States Code to ensure that 
U.S. individuals cannot be sued for good faith efforts to comply with 
U.S. sanctions and export controls. Good faith compliance can include 
refusal to perform on a purchase contract, the revocation of software 
credentials, or the freezing of funds of a sanctioned entity, to name a 
few.
  For example, under this provision, a Russian diamond mine could not 
sue an American company in Federal court for refusing to honor an 
importation contract because the U.S. issued diamond sanctions in March 
2022.
  Our businesses here at home should not be open to liability for 
complying with the law, but that is exactly what happened to J.P. 
Morgan earlier this year.
  Throughout 2024, J.P. Morgan has been embroiled in U.S. and Russian 
lawsuits with Russian bank VTB for complying with U.S. sanctions 
related to the war in Ukraine.
  I recognize there are some in this country who have praised Russia 
for its aggression, who have suggested that we should no longer provide 
aid to our ally Ukraine. As Russia's war continues unabated, however, 
it is important we remember that Russia's aggression is a destabilizing 
force in the region. An emboldened Russia, bolstered by North Korean 
military aid, represents a clear threat to the United States' interests 
abroad and to our NATO allies. We should not reward their behavior by 
letting them take advantage of U.S. companies in our courts.

  Madam Speaker, I thank my friends, Congressman Hunt and Congressman 
Ivey, for their work on this bill. I am glad to join them as a 
cosponsor in this legislation, and I encourage my colleagues to support 
H.R. 9563.
  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. HUNT. Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Ivey), my friend.
  Mr. IVEY. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.
  Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 9563, the Protecting 
Americans from Russian Litigation Act.
  I am proud to partner with my co-lead and my friend from Texas, 
Congressman Wesley Hunt, on this important legislation.
  I also thank Ranking Member Nadler and Representatives Issa, 
Fitzgerald, Lee, and Johnson for their support, as well.
  In response to Putin's invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the 
United States imposed numerous sanctions and export controls on Russia.
  The Protecting Americans from Russian Litigation Act would protect 
American companies that are targeted by Russian litigants seeking 
damages resulting from good faith compliance with these sanctions.
  Unlike the United Kingdom and the European Union, the U.S. Federal 
law

[[Page H6216]]

does not currently protect companies complying with U.S. sanctions and 
export controls from litigation. Because of this, some Russian entities 
subjected to sanctions have sued American companies in Russian courts, 
resulting in significant financial penalties to American businesses in 
certain cases.
  This bill would prevent Russian entities from seeking relief for 
these claims in Federal court, thereby ensuring American companies are 
not punished for their good faith compliance with U.S. sanctions.
  Additionally, this bill does not interfere with or limit the rights, 
remedies, or causes of action available to victims of international 
terrorism.
  This commonsense legislation would protect American companies and 
ensure Russia is held accountable for its illegal invasion of Ukraine.
  Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to 
support passage of this bill.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, Russian companies should not 
be able to use U.S. Federal law to punish U.S. entities for good faith 
compliance with American sanctions.
  H.R. 9563 would ensure that Russia and Russian entities cannot 
exploit loopholes in our laws to punish United States businesses.
  Because of the ongoing threat posed by Russia, U.S. sanctions are as 
important today as they were when the war began nearly 3 years ago. 
Making compliance easier on American companies is an important way to 
ensure the U.S. remains strong in its resolve to defend and support 
Ukraine.
  Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to support the bill, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  Mr. HUNT. Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, Congressman Ivey, for 
cosponsoring this bill with me.
  This is about putting the priorities of the American public first, 
and it is about protecting the companies in this country that have done 
the right thing because of the sanctions that we have placed on Russia.
  Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, and 
I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hunt) that the House suspend the rules and 
pass the bill, H.R. 9563.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6216-H6219]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




PROTECTING AMERICAN INDUSTRY AND LABOR FROM INTERNATIONAL TRADE CRIMES 
                              ACT OF 2024

  Mr. HUNT. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 9151) to strengthen the Department of Justice's enforcement 
against trade-related crimes, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 9151

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Protecting American Industry 
     and Labor from International Trade Crimes Act of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. TRADE-RELATED CRIMES DEFINED.

       In this Act, the term ``trade-related crimes'' shall be 
     defined as violations of law that are implicated by criminal 
     activities in furtherance of the evasion of duties, tariffs, 
     and other import- and export-related fees, import and export 
     restrictions, or requirements imposed by the Tariff Act of 
     1930, the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, the Trade Act of 1974, 
     or the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions 
     Act, as well as all other laws and regulations involving 
     criminal activities relating to United States imports and 
     exports, trade-based money laundering, and smuggling.

     SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF NEW STRUCTURE TO PROSECUTE 
                   INTERNATIONAL TRADE CRIMES.

       (a) In General.--A task force, named program, or other 
     similar structure to investigate and prosecute trade-related 
     crimes, with particular emphasis on violations of the 
     statutes enumerated in section 4(a)(2), shall be established 
     within the Criminal Division of the Department of Justice not 
     later than 120 days after the date on which appropriations 
     are made available to carry out this Act, and coordinated by 
     a supervisory criminal trial attorney selected by the 
     Assistant Attorney General of the Criminal Division or other 
     official designated by the Attorney General.
       (b) Implementation.--To support this effort, the Attorney 
     General shall--
       (1) create within the Criminal Division of the Department 
     of Justice new positions for criminal trial attorneys and 
     associated support personnel responsible for leading and 
     coordinating trade-related crime investigations and cases, 
     including those that may significantly impact more than one 
     district;
       (2) ensure that experienced and technically qualified 
     criminal prosecutors support the effort; and
       (3) promote and ensure effective interaction with law 
     enforcement, industry representatives, and the public in 
     matters relating to trade-related crimes.

     SEC. 4. DUTIES AND FUNCTIONS OF NEW TRADE CRIMES STRUCTURE.

       (a) In General.--Through the efforts of the task force, 
     named program, or other structure identified in section 3(a), 
     the Attorney General shall accomplish each of the following:
       (1) Increase the capabilities and capacity of the Criminal 
     Division of the Department of Justice to prosecute trade-
     related crimes.
       (2) Increase the number of trade-related crimes being 
     investigated and prosecuted, including pursuant to health, 
     safety, financial, and economic trade-related crimes, 
     including--
       (A) section 305 of title 13, United States Code;
       (B) section 15 or 16 of the Toxic Substances Control Act 
     (15 U.S.C. 2614 or 2615);
       (C) section 371 of title 18, United States Code;
       (D) section 541 of title 18, United States Code;
       (E) section 542 of title 18, United States Code;
       (F) section 543 of title 18, United States Code;
       (G) section 545 of title 18, United States Code;
       (H) section 546 of title 18, United States Code;
       (I) section 554 of title 18, United States Code;
       (J) section 1001 of title 18, United States Code;
       (K) section 1341 of title 18, United States Code;
       (L) section 1343 of title 18, United States Code;
       (M) section 1349 of title 18, United States Code;
       (N) section 1956 of title 18, United States Code;
       (O) section 1957 of title 18, United States Code;
       (P) section 2320 of title 18, United States Code; and
       (Q) section 301 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act 
     (21 U.S.C. 331).
     For the purposes of this Act, this list does not include 
     violations of national security-related laws and regulations, 
     including the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2771 et 
     seq.), International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 
     1701 et seq.), Export Control and Reform Act (50 U.S.C. 4801 
     et seq.), and the Trading with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 
     4305(b)).
       (3) Participate in basic and advanced training events with 
     Homeland Security Investigations, U.S. Customs and Border 
     Protection, and other Federal agencies and provide technical 
     assistance, where appropriate, to Homeland Security 
     Investigations, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and other 
     Federal agencies with respect to the investigation and 
     prosecution of trade-related crimes.
       (4) Develop multi-jurisdictional responses and partnerships 
     with respect to trade-related crimes through informational, 
     administrative, and technological support to other Federal 
     agencies and agencies of countries that are trading partners 
     of the United States, as a means for such agencies to acquire 
     the necessary knowledge, personnel, and specialized equipment 
     to investigate and prosecute trade-related crimes.
       (5) Participate in nationally coordinated investigations in 
     any case in which the Attorney General determines such 
     participation to be necessary, as permitted by the available 
     resources of the Department of Justice.
       (6) Ensure that all components that enforce laws against 
     trade-related crimes regularly consult with each other.
       (b) Absence of Exclusion of Pursuing Other Remedies.--
     Litigation by the Criminal Division of the Department of 
     Justice shall not preclude additional criminal prosecution or 
     civil action against trade-related violations. Nothing in 
     this Act shall prevent the Criminal Division, Civil Division, 
     and other Department of Justice components from pursuing 
     enforcement action where appropriate.

     SEC. 5. ANNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS.

       The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of 
     Homeland Security, shall submit to the Committee on the 
     Judiciary, Committee on Ways and Means, and Committee on 
     Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and the 
     Committee on the Judiciary and Committee on Finance of the 
     Senate a report on the work of the Department of Justice with 
     respect to investigation and enforcement of trade-related 
     crimes. Specifically, the report shall--
       (1) be submitted not later than one year after the date of 
     the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, not later 
     than February 1 of each year that begins after the submission 
     of the first report;
       (2) include annual statistics on the volume of publicly 
     charged trade-related crimes and indictments;
       (3) include a summary on how the funds appropriated for 
     trade-related crimes were utilized in the prior reporting 
     period, including staff and operating expenses; and
       (4) provide an estimate of any additional funding needed to 
     combat trade-related crimes.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Texas (Mr. Hunt) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson) each will 
control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas.


                             General Leave

  Mr. HUNT. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and 
insert extraneous material on H.R. 9151.

[[Page H6217]]

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Texas?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. HUNT. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Madam Speaker, U.S. trade policy is a vital tool to protect American 
businesses and workers, ensure American competitiveness, and achieve 
our foreign policy objectives.
  For U.S. trade policy to be effective, we have to actually enforce 
the laws implemented in the United States' policy. H.R. 9151 would 
establish the structure needed at the Department of Justice to go after 
criminals who perpetrate trade crimes.

                              {time}  1500

  These crimes include trade fraud, tariff and duty evasion, illegal 
smuggling, trade-based money laundering, trafficking in counterfeit 
goods, and many more.
  Today, criminal enterprises and bad actors, predominantly based in 
the People's Republic of China, are breaking U.S. trade laws with 
impunity. This fraud has seriously undermined our trade policy.
  Additionally, in just fiscal year 2023, U.S. authorities seized over 
$2.7 billion of counterfeit goods, with the PRC accounting for more 
than 80 percent of those seizures. Those seizures reflect billions of 
dollars stolen from U.S. businesses and workers, which undermines the 
trade policies designed to protect them.
  In the past 2 years, law enforcement has also identified $750 million 
worth of goods mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or in part in 
the Xinjiang and Uyghur autonomous region. These goods carry 
significant risk of having been produced by forced labor and are 
illegal to import into the United States.
  We must do more to punish the criminals who are breaking our trade 
laws and inflicting serious harm on our economy. H.R. 9151 will enable 
the DOJ to dedicate specialized personnel to investigate and prosecute 
the perpetrators of these crimes.
  I thank all the sponsors for their hard work, as well as the hard 
work by the Select Committee on the Strategic Competition Between the 
United States and the Chinese Communist Party to put together this 
excellent legislation.
  I also thank the Judiciary Committee for bipartisan efforts that led 
to this bill being reported by voice vote, demonstrating that we can 
work across party lines to advance trade policies that protect 
Americans.
  Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 9151 and 
give teeth to our trade policies. I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume.
  Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 9151. This legislation would 
create a task force within the Department of Justice to increase the 
prosecution of trade-related crimes.
  Although DOJ already has dedicated personnel to enforce laws 
protecting Americans from illegal products, limited funding prevents 
prosecutors from doing more.
  Americans are protected from trade crimes by a patchwork of national 
security laws, including the Tariff Act of 1930, the Toxic Substances 
Control Act, and many others. These studies protect against a wide 
variety of crimes that impact the health, safety, and financial 
security of Americans, from the importation of counterfeit goods to the 
commission of trade secret theft through economic espionage.
  We have all heard stories about the most egregious cases: exploding 
counterfeit batteries that cause e-cigarettes to maim users, computer 
chips equipped with spyware in our product stream that endanger 
military secrets, handbags made with forced Uyghur labor passed off as 
fair-trade materials. These are terrible outcomes with clear victims, 
and United States law enforcement should ensure these cases never 
happen again.
  Other trade crimes may not have a clear victim or a defined 
perpetrator, but they are equally pernicious. For example, cyber 
intrusions can risk a company's trade secrets without their knowledge. 
They may never become aware of the data leak, but a foreign competitor 
can use the intellectual property to unfairly compete with the targeted 
company.
  Counterfeit products that look identical to a brand's trademark can 
cause irreparable damage to a small business or designer. Victims can 
suffer reputational damage, lose the opportunity to break into a 
specific market, and otherwise lose revenue that would have gone to 
them.
  The deluge of counterfeits and the unique way trade crimes are 
perpetrated have made it increasingly difficult for prosecutors at the 
Department of Justice to enforce our laws. H.R. 9151 would help the 
government prevent trade loss by creating a task force to identify, 
investigate, and prosecute crimes that hurt Americans in every 
industry.
  This legislation has been a bipartisan effort, and I thank my 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle on the select committee on China, 
the Appropriations Committee, and the Judiciary Committee for creating 
carefully negotiated legislation that, if properly funded, would help 
the Department of Justice better pursue their objectives.
  Without such funding, however, the myriad investigators, prosecutors, 
and support staff envisioned for the task force will never be hired. 
You cannot increase trade crime enforcement without increasing the 
number of prosecutors working on the issue, and you cannot increase the 
number of staff handling trade crimes without more funding.
  Over and over again, I have heard my colleagues across the aisle call 
for Congress to defund agencies across the Federal Government, 
especially the Department of Justice, yet in the same breath they ask 
them to do more to protect Americans. You cannot withhold funding from 
agencies that keep us safe and then act surprised when they do not have 
enough people to do the job.
  I sincerely hope we commit dedicated appropriations to this program 
and all aspects of DOJ in the days and months ahead. I support this 
legislation, and I support funding this legislation. I encourage my 
colleagues to vote ``yes'' when it comes to a vote.
  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. HUNT. Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Iowa (Mrs. Hinson).
  Mrs. HINSON. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the 
Protecting American Industry and Labor from International Trade Crimes 
Act. This bill puts American industry, American manufacturing, and 
American workers first.
  For decades, companies operating under the control of the Chinese 
Communist Party in the People's Republic of China have systematically 
violated U.S. trade laws.
  The CCP's illicit trade practices, including duty evasion, 
transshipment, market flooding, forced labor, and fraud, are 
deliberately designed to take advantage of American workers and 
businesses, lowering wages, forcing manufacturers to close their doors, 
and gutting our rural manufacturing towns.

  For example, the select committee on China uncovered trade fraud by 
Chinese auto manufacturer Qingdao Sunsong. Sunsong was using 
transshipment to evade U.S. tariffs, forcing an Illinois company to lay 
off a quarter of their workforce.
  Sunsong is far from the only Chinese company taking action to exploit 
our trade system to bolster China's nonmarket economy, crippling 
American industry and manufacturing, threatening workers' wages and 
livelihoods, and enabling slave labor.
  However, despite the sheer volume of trade-related crime, the 
Department of Justice remains inadequately equipped to effectively 
detect, investigate, and then prosecute such offenses.
  While tariffs are one tool in our toolkit to level that playing 
field, we also must enforce our trade laws and hold China accountable 
for repeated violations that have a catastrophic impact on American 
workers and American industry.
  By strengthening the Trump DOJ's ability to detect and prosecute 
international trade crimes, my bipartisan bill will ensure that 
Communist China and other perpetrators are criminally liable for 
illicit activity and that those penalties are properly enforced. This

[[Page H6218]]

will help to reshore domestic manufacturing and provide opportunities 
for our American workers.
  I am also very proud to have the support of the China select 
committee chairman, Chairman Moolenaar, and Ranking Member 
Krishnamoorthi on this bill. I deeply appreciate their partnership and 
collaboration on this. I also thank Chairman Jordan and Ranking Member 
Nadler for their support of this key bill on the Judiciary Committee.
  To close, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and 
support American workers in the process.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Krishnamoorthi).
  Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 9151.
  For years, the Chinese Communist Party, the CCP, has violated U.S. 
trade laws flagrantly and victimized American workers, companies, and 
consumers through trade crimes like dumping, transshipment, duty 
evasion, and fraud.
  In fact, there is an entire CCP-sponsored industry that publicly 
boasts it can help Chinese products illegally flood U.S. markets 
despite American antidumping protections. These criminal activities 
have forced far too many American companies to shutter their doors and 
countless American workers to lose their jobs.
  Our bipartisan bill establishes a new unit at the DOJ to criminally 
prosecute these crimes, whether it is dumping below-market iron and 
steel, flooding our market with illegal vapes, or violating the Uyghur 
Forced Labor Prevention Act, this new DOJ unit will send a clear 
message that these illegal and criminal trade practices must end now.
  As ranking member of the Select Committee on the CCP, I have been 
proud to work with my colleagues across the aisle on this legislation. 
I thank Chairman Moolenaar, Mrs. Hinson, my own staff, including Ben 
Frohman, who has put in yeoman hours on this bill, as well as Ranking 
Member Nadler and Ranking Member Johnson for their support on the 
Judiciary Committee.
  I look forward to working with my colleagues in the House and the 
Senate to fully fund this legislation and make sure it is signed into 
law in this Congress before the new administration takes office. 
American workers and manufacturers depend on it.
  Mr. HUNT. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
Michigan (Mr. Moolenaar).
  Mr. MOOLENAAR. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of 
Congresswoman Hinson's bill, the Protecting American Industry and Labor 
from International Trade Crimes Act.
  Today, Chinese companies habitually violate U.S. trade laws. They go 
around our country's tariffs, and this harms U.S. manufacturers, 
undermines our workers, and diminishes American competitiveness.
  Last August, during a roundtable in Wisconsin, the Select Committee 
on the CCP heard from Americans across industries on how Chinese 
companies are breaking the law and decimating their operations. It is 
clear from these testimonies that the civil penalties rarely imposed on 
companies caught circumventing U.S. trade laws were not enough to stop 
CCP-sponsored trade fraud.
  Ranking Member Krishnamoorthi, Congresswoman Hinson, and the 
bipartisan members of the select committee recommended last year that 
Congress pass legislation to criminally enforce trade crimes as a true 
deterrent to the CCP's coordinated economic coercion.
  Today's legislation takes that recommendation and turns it into 
action. We have solicited feedback from industry, worked closely with 
the Department of Justice, and coordinated with the standing committees 
here in the House to develop this robust legislation before us today.
  As the House considers this bill, I am committed to working with my 
colleagues on the Appropriations Committee to ensure the prosecutors 
hired to criminally enforce our trade laws are fully funded. In the 
face of China's economic onslaught against our country, we must ensure 
those prosecutors have the resources they need to enforce tariffs, 
protect American workers, and stop the CCP from taking advantage of the 
United States.
  I again thank Ranking Member Krishnamoorthi and also Representative 
Hinson for their leadership and for working with committee staff on 
this key bill. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and 
support American manufacturing.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Ivey).
  Mr. IVEY. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 9151, the 
Protecting American Industry and Labor from International Trade Crimes 
Act.
  As the complexities of international trade intensify, abusive 
practices and circumvention of trade rules escalate commensurately. 
Trade crimes impair our economy, disadvantage our workers, disrespect 
our consumers, and offend our national sensibilities.
  To halt these practices, we must reinforce America's capacity to 
identify, investigate, and interdict these crimes and empower the 
Department of Justice to prosecute the perpetrators.

                              {time}  1515

  Madam Speaker, I am pleased to co-lead and be an original cosponsor 
of H.R. 9151, which is bipartisan legislation that would achieve these 
objectives.
  I commend my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, Representatives 
Hinson, Krishnamoorthi, Moolenaar, and all the other co-leads and 
cosponsors, for joining together to confront this challenge.
  I especially appreciate my colleagues' receptivity to my suggestions 
about the trade crime unit's structure, concentrating on a national 
team based at Main Justice with the ability to deploy experts, as 
needed, to ports of entry around the country where trade crimes are 
occurring.
  By focusing resources at Main Justice, we will expand our core 
competencies in confronting these crimes nationwide so that we will 
retain the upper hand, even if perpetrators redirect their activities 
to a different location in the United States.
  This bill would establish a trade crimes unit at DOJ to take aim 
against a litany of crimes that are prevalent in international trade, 
including crimes resulting from products made by use of forced labor, 
sellers abusing the de minimis exemption, foreign exporters evading 
duties and tariffs by shipping products through third-party nations, 
and products that violate safety and health rules.
  By creating and funding a trade crimes unit at DOJ, this bill would 
equip our country with expert investigators and attorneys who are 
dedicated to safeguarding our people, our jobs, and our economy.
  Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle 
to support this important legislation.
  Mr. HUNT. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I am 
prepared to close.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of 
my time.
  Over the last year, the United States House Judiciary Subcommittee on 
Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet has held multiple 
bipartisan subcommittee hearings regarding the IP and trade crimes 
threat posed by the Chinese Government. Witnesses have testified about 
the flood of trade crimes and the inability of our government's limited 
resources to prevent, detect, and prosecute violations of the law.
  This legislation, if adequately funded, would help address these 
concerns. It is a small step in the right direction, but it will be a 
significant step nonetheless, so long as we complete the puzzle by 
properly funding the program through the appropriations process.
  Mr. Speaker, I intend to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 9151, and I encourage 
my colleagues to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. IVEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Kean of New Jersey). The question is on 
the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hunt) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 9151, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

[[Page H6219]]

  

                          ____________________








[Pages H6219-H6234]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]





 MAKING IMPROVEMENTS IN THE ENACTMENT OF TITLE 41, UNITED STATES CODE, 
           INTO A POSITIVE LAW TITLE AND TO IMPROVE THE CODE

  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 7324) to make improvements in the enactment of title 41, 
United States Code, into a positive law title and to improve the Code.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7324

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,
       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. TABLE OF CONTENTS.

       The table of contents for this Act is as follows:

Sec. 1.  Table of contents.
Sec. 2.  Purpose.
Sec. 3.  Title 2, United States Code.
Sec. 4.  Title 5, United States Code.
Sec. 5.  Title 6, United States Code.
Sec. 6.  Title 7, United States Code.
Sec. 7.  Title 8, United States Code.
Sec. 8.  Title 10, United States Code.
Sec. 9.  Title 12, United States Code.
Sec. 10.  Title 14, United States Code.
Sec. 11.  Title 15, United States Code.
Sec. 12.  Title 16, United States Code.
Sec. 13.  Title 18, United States Code.
Sec. 14.  Title 19, United States Code.
Sec. 15.  Title 20, United States Code.
Sec. 16.  Title 21, United States Code.
Sec. 17.  Title 22, United States Code.
Sec. 18.  Title 23, United States Code.
Sec. 19.  Title 24, United States Code.
Sec. 20.  Title 25, United States Code.
Sec. 21.  Title 26, United States Code.
Sec. 22.  Title 28, United States Code.
Sec. 23.  Title 29, United States Code.
Sec. 24.  Title 30, United States Code.
Sec. 25.  Title 31, United States Code.
Sec. 26.  Title 33, United States Code.
Sec. 27.  Title 35, United States Code.
Sec. 28.  Title 38, United States Code.
Sec. 29.  Title 40, United States Code.
Sec. 30.  Title 41, United States Code.
Sec. 31.  Title 42, United States Code.
Sec. 32.  Title 43, United States Code.
Sec. 33.  Title 44, United States Code.
Sec. 34.  Title 45, United States Code.
Sec. 35.  Title 46, United States Code.
Sec. 36.  Title 48, United States Code.
Sec. 37.  Title 49, United States Code.
Sec. 38.  Title 50, United States Code.
Sec. 39.  Title 51, United States Code.
Sec. 40.  Title 52, United States Code.

     SEC. 2. PURPOSE.

       The purpose of this Act is to make improvements in the 
     enactment of title 41, United States Code, into a positive 
     law title and to improve the Code.

     SEC. 3. TITLE 2, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) The paragraph under the heading ``GENERAL PROVISION, 
     THIS CHAPTER'' in chapter 5 of title II of division B of the 
     Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental 
     Appropriations Act, 1999 (2 U.S.C. 141a) is amended by 
     striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes of the United 
     States (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (2) Section 114 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations 
     Act, 1996 (Public Law 104-53, 2 U.S.C. 471 note) is amended 
     by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and substituting ``chapter 
     5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (3) Section 6(a) of the Technology Assessment Act of 1972 
     (2 U.S.C. 475(a)) is amended--
       (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''; and
       (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ``section 3648 of the 
     Revised Statutes (31 U.S.C. 529)'' and substituting ``section 
     3324(a) and (b) of title 31, United States Code''.
       (4) Section 119(a)(6) of the John C. Stennis Center for 
     Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 
     1108(a)(6)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (5) Section 3011(b)(4)(B) of the 1999 Emergency 
     Supplemental Appropriations Act (Public Law 106-31, 2 U.S.C. 
     1151 note) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 
     41, United States Code,''.
       (6) Section 1308(a) of the Legislative Branch 
     Appropriations Act, 2008 (2 U.S.C. 1816a(a)) is amended by 
     striking ``section 303M of the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 253m)'' and 
     substituting ``section 3309 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.
       (7) Public Law 96-558 (2 U.S.C. 1816b) is amended by 
     striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes of the United 
     States (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (8) Section 1201(a)(1) of the Legislative Branch 
     Appropriations Act, 2003 (2 U.S.C. 1821(a)(1)) is amended by 
     striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes of the United 
     States (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code,''.
       (9) Section 308(b) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations 
     Act, 1996 (2 U.S.C. 1964(b)) is amended by striking ``section 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes of the United States (41 U.S.C. 
     5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (10) Section 1(d) of Public Law 102-330 (2 U.S.C. 2021 
     note) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised 
     Statutes of the United States'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (11) Section 307E(b)(3) of the Legislative Branch 
     Appropriations Act, 1989 (2 U.S.C. 2146(b)(3)) is amended by 
     striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (12) Section 202(i)(2) of the Legislative Reorganization 
     Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i)(2)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.
       (13) Section 195(b) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 
     1985 (2 U.S.C. 6157(b)) is amended by striking ``section 5 of 
     title 41'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, 
     United States Code,''.
       (14) Section 117(1) of Public Law 97-51 (2 U.S.C. 6599(1)) 
     is amended by striking ``section 5'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101''.

     SEC. 4. TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 3(d)(2)(B) of the Administrative Dispute 
     Resolution Act (Public Law 101-552, 5 U.S.C. 571 note) is 
     amended by striking ``section 6(a) of the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 405(a))'' and substituting 
     ``section 1121(b) of title 41, United States Code''.
       (2) Section 595(c)(10) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``title III of the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949, as amended (41 U.S.C. 
     251-260)'' and substituting ``the provisions referred to in 
     section 171(c) of title 41''.
       (3) Section 206 of the Notification and Federal Employee 
     Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (Public Law 
     107-174, 5 U.S.C. 2301 note) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (c)(1)(B), by striking ``section 13 of 
     the Contract Disputes Act of 1978 (41 U.S.C. 612)'' and 
     substituting ``section 7108 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''; and
       (B) in subsection (d)(1)(B), by striking ``the Contracts 
     Dispute Act of 1978 (41 U.S.C. 601 note; Public Law 95-563)'' 
     and substituting ``chapter 71 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (4) Section 3109(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (5) Section 1110(e)(2)(G) of the National Defense 
     Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111-84, 5 
     U.S.C. 3702 note) is amended by striking ``section 27 of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 21 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (6) Section 4105 of title 5, United States Code, is amended 
     by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101''.
       (7) Section 4(b) of the Telework Enhancement Act of 2010 
     (Public Law 111-292, 124 Stat. 3173, 5 U.S.C. 6501 note) is 
     amended by striking ``section 303 of the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 253)'' and 
     substituting ``sections 3105, 3301, and 3303 to 3305 of title 
     41, United States Code''.
       (8) Section 7342(e)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``of subtitle I of title 40 and division 
     C (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) 
     of subtitle I'' and substituting ``referred to in section 
     171(b) and (c)''.
       (9) Section 8709(a) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (10) Section 8714a(a) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (11) Section 8714b(a) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (12) Section 8714c(a) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (13) Section 8902(a) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (14) Section 8953 of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ``section 6101(b) to 
     (d)'' and substituting ``section 6101''; and
       (B) in subsection (d)(3)--
       (i) before subparagraph (A), by striking ``the Contract 
     Disputes Act of 1978'' and substituting ``chapter 71 of title 
     41'';
       (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``(after appropriate 
     arrangements, as described in section 8(c) of such Act)''; 
     and
       (iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``section 10(a)(1) 
     of such Act'' and substituting ``section 7104(b)(1) of title 
     41''.
       (15) Section 8983 of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ``section 6101(b) to 
     (d)'' and substituting ``section 6101''; and
       (B) in subsection (d)(3)--
       (i) before subparagraph (A), by striking ``the Contract 
     Disputes Act of 1978'' and substituting ``chapter 71 of title 
     41'';
       (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``(after appropriate 
     arrangements, as described in section 8(c) of such Act)''; 
     and
       (iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``section 10(a)(1) 
     of such Act'' and substituting ``section 7104(b)(1) of title 
     41''.
       (16) Section 9003(a) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.

[[Page H6220]]

  


      SEC. 5. TITLE 6, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 309(b)(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 
     (6 U.S.C. 189(b)(6)) is amended by striking ``section 
     303(b)(1)(C) of the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 253(b)(1)(C))'' and 
     substituting ``section 3303(a)(1)(C) of title 41, United 
     States Code,''.
       (2) Section 833 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 
     U.S.C. 393) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ``section 32 of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 428) the 
     amount specified in subsections (c), (d), and (f) of such 
     section 32'' and substituting ``section 1902 of title 41, 
     United States Code, the amount specified in subsections (a), 
     (d), and (e) of such section 1902'';
       (B) in subsection (b)(2)(A), by striking ``section 32(c) of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     428(c))'' and substituting ``section 1902(d) of title 41, 
     United States Code'';
       (C) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ``section 4(11) of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     403(11))'' and substituting ``section 134 of title 41, United 
     States Code,''; and
       (D) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ``section 31(a)(2) of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     427(a)(2)) and section 303(g)(1)(B) of the Federal Property 
     and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 
     253(g)(1)(B))'' and substituting ``sections 1901(a)(2) and 
     3305(a)(2) of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (3) Section 851 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 
     U.S.C. 421) is amended by striking ``section 4(1) of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403(1))'' 
     and substituting ``section 133 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (4) Section 854 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 
     U.S.C. 424) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``section 32 of the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 428)'' and substituting 
     ``section 1902 of title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (B) by striking ``subsections (c), (d), and (f) of such 
     section 32'' and substituting ``subsections (a), (d), and (e) 
     of such section 1902''.
       (5) Section 856(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 
     U.S.C. 426(a)) is amended--
       (A) in paragraph (1)--
       (i) in the heading, by striking ``Federal property and 
     administrative services act of 1949'' and substituting 
     ``Provisions referred to in section 171(c) of title 41, 
     united states code''; and
       (ii) before subparagraph (A), by striking ``division C of 
     subtitle I of title 41, United States Code'' and substituting 
     ``the provisions referred to in section 171(c) of title 41, 
     United States Code''; and
       (B) in the heading of paragraph (3), by striking ``Office 
     of federal procurement policy act'' and substituting 
     ``Section 1708(b) of title 41, united states code''.
       (6) Section 695 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management 
     Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 794) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (a), by striking ``paragraph (2) of 
     section 303(c) of the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 253(c))'' and substituting 
     ``paragraph (2) of section 3304(a) of title 41, United States 
     Code,''; and
       (B) in subsection (c), by striking ``section 4 of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403)'' 
     and substituting ``section 134 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.

     SEC. 6. TITLE 7, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Subsection (f)(1)(G) of the United States Cotton 
     Futures Act (7 U.S.C. 15b(f)(1)(G)) is amended by striking 
     ``the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 
     1949 (40 U.S.C. 471 et seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 5 
     of title 40, United States Code''.
       (2) Section 5(a) of the United States Cotton Standards Act 
     (7 U.S.C. 55(a)) is amended by striking ``the Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 
     471 et seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, 
     United States Code''.
       (3) Section 7(c) of the United States Grain Standards Act 
     (7 U.S.C. 79(c)) is amended by striking ``the Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949, as amended 
     (40 U.S.C. 471 et seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of 
     title 40, United States Code''.
       (4) Section 386 of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 
     (7 U.S.C. 1386) is amended by striking ``section 3741 of the 
     Revised Statutes (U.S.C., 1934 edition, title 41, sec. 22)'' 
     and substituting ``section 6306 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.
       (5) Section 514(f) of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 
     1938 (7 U.S.C. 1514(f)) is amended by striking ``section 3741 
     of the Revised Statutes, as amended (41 U.S.C., section 22)'' 
     and substituting ``section 6306 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.
       (6) Section 205(a) of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 
     1946 (7 U.S.C. 1624(a)) is amended by striking ``section 3648 
     (31 U.S.C., sec. 529) and section 3709 (41 U.S.C., sec. 5) of 
     the Revised Statutes'' and substituting ``section 3324(a) and 
     (b) of title 31, United States Code, and section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code,''.
       (7) Section 407(c)(2) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 
     1736a(c)(2)) is amended by striking ``Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 471 et seq.)'' 
     and substituting ``provisions referred to in section 171(b) 
     and (c) of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (8) Section 335(c)(4) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural 
     Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1985(c)(4)) is amended by striking 
     ``Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (40 U.S.C. 471 et seq.)'' and substituting ``provisions 
     referred to in section 171(b) and (c) of title 41, United 
     States Code,''.
       (9) Section 716(a) of the Agriculture, Rural Development, 
     Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies 
     Appropriations Act, 1998 (Public Law 105-86, 7 U.S.C. 2208 
     note) is amended--
       (A) in the heading, by striking ``Buy American Act'' and 
     substituting ``Chapter 83 of Title 41, United States Code''; 
     and
       (B) by striking ``sections 2 through 4 of the Act of March 
     3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 10a-10c; popularly known as the `Buy 
     American Act')'' and substituting ``chapter 83 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (10) Section 921 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and 
     Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 2279b) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (h)(4), by striking ``the Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 
     471 et seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, 
     United States Code''; and
       (B) in subsection (i), by striking ``Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 471 et seq.)'' 
     and substituting ``provisions referred to in section 171(b) 
     and (c) of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (11) Section 10(a) of the Act of June 29, 1935 (ch. 338, 7 
     U.S.C. 3105(a)) (known as the Agricultural Research Act and 
     the Bankhead-Jones Act) is amended by striking ``section 
     3709, Revised Statutes'' and substituting ``section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (12) Section 1472(e) of the National Agricultural Research, 
     Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3318(e)) 
     is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes 
     (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (13) Section 6201(b)(2) of the Farm Security and Rural 
     Investment Act of 2002 (Public Law 107-171, 7 U.S.C. 5901 
     note) is amended by striking ``Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 471 et seq.)'' 
     and substituting ``provisions referred to in section 171(b) 
     and (c) of title 41, United States Code,''.

     SEC. 7. TITLE 8, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 1248(c)(3) of the National Defense 
     Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110-181, 8 
     U.S.C. 1157 note) is amended by striking ``section 4(1) of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     403(1))'' and substituting ``section 133 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (2) Section 241(g)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality 
     Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(g)(1)) is amended by striking ``section 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (3) Section 285(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act 
     (8 U.S.C. 1355(a)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of 
     the Revised Statutes, as amended (41 U.S.C. 5),'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.
       (4) Section 294(a)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality 
     Act (8 U.S.C. 1363a(a)(1)) is amended--
       (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``section 3732(a) of 
     the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 11(a))'' and substituting 
     ``section 6301(a) and (b)(1) through (3) of title 41, United 
     States Code'';
       (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ``section 305 of the 
     Act of June 30, 1949 (63 Stat. 396; 41 U.S.C. 255)'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 45 of title 41, United States Code'';
       (C) in subparagraph (F), by striking ``section 3741 of the 
     Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 22)'' and substituting ``section 
     6306 of title 41, United States Code''; and
       (D) in subparagraph (G), by striking ``subsections (a) and 
     (c) of section 304 of the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949 (63 Stat. 395; 41 U.S.C. 254(a) and 
     (c))'' and substituting ``section 3901 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.

     SEC. 8. TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 2194(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``of subtitle I of title 40 and division 
     C (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) 
     of subtitle I'' and substituting ``referred to in section 
     171(b) and (c)''.
       (2) Section 810(b)(2)(A) of the National Defense 
     Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105-85, 10 
     U.S.C. 2405 note) is amended by striking ``the Contract 
     Disputes Act of 1978'' and substituting ``chapter 71 of title 
     41, United States Code,''.
       (3) Section 2461(d)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 2 of the Javits-Wagner-O'Day 
     Act (41 U.S.C. 47)'' and substituting ``section 8503 of title 
     41''.
       (4) Section 2576(a) of title 10, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``subtitle I of title 40 and division C 
     (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) 
     of subtitle I'' and substituting ``the provisions referred to 
     in section 171(b) and (c)''.
       (5) Section 2664(a) of title 10, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``subtitle I of title 40 and title III of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (41 U.S.C. 251 et seq.)'' and substituting ``the provisions 
     referred to in section 171(b) and (c) of title 41''.
       (6) Section 2667(g)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``subsection (a)(2) or subtitle I of 
     title 40 and title III of the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (to the extent subtitle I 
     and title III are inconsistent with this subsection)'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40 (to the extent such 
     chapter is inconsistent with this subsection) or subsection 
     (a)(3)''.
       (7) Section 2905(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Defense Base Closure 
     and Realignment Act of 1990

[[Page H6221]]

     (Public Law 101-510, div. B, title XXIX, part A, 10 U.S.C. 
     2687 note) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (8) Section 204(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Defense Authorization 
     Amendments and Base Closure and Realignment Act (Public Law 
     100-526, 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) is amended by striking ``the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949'' 
     and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States 
     Code''.
       (9) Section 2691(b) of title 10, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``of subtitle I of title 40 and division 
     C (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) 
     of subtitle I'' and substituting ``referred to in section 
     171(b) and (c)''.
       (10) Section 2696(b) of title 10, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``subtitle I of title 40 and title III of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (41 U.S.C. 251 et seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of 
     title 40''.
       (11) Section 2854a(d)(1) of title 10, United States Code, 
     is amended by striking ``Subtitle I of title 40 and division 
     C (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) 
     of subtitle I'' and substituting ``Provisions of law referred 
     to in section 171(b) and (c)''.
       (12) Section 2878(e)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Subtitle I of title 40 and title III of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (41 U.S.C. 251 et seq.)'' and substituting ``Chapter 5 of 
     title 40''.
       (13) Section 822 of the National Defense Authorization Act 
     for Fiscal Year 1996 (Public Law 104-106, 10 U.S.C. 3201 note 
     prec.) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (d)(1)(B), by striking ``section 26(f) of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     422(f))'' and substituting ``section 1502(a) and (b) of title 
     41, United States Code'';
       (B) in subsection (e)(3)(B)(iii), by striking ``section 
     26(f) of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 
     U.S.C. 422(f))'' and substituting ``section 1502(a) and (b) 
     of title 41, United States Code'';
       (C) in subsection (f)--
       (i) by striking ``section 26(f) of the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 422(f))'' and substituting 
     ``section 1502(a) and (b) of title 41, United States Code''; 
     and
       (ii) by striking ``such section 26(f)'' and substituting 
     ``such section 1502(a) and (b)''; and
       (D) in subsection (g)(2)(A), by striking ``section 34 of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     430)'' and substituting ``section 1906 of title 41, United 
     States Code,''.
       (14) Section 8304(5) of the Federal Acquisition 
     Streamlining Act of 1994 (Public Law 103-355, 10 U.S.C. 3452 
     note) is amended by striking ``the Javits-Wagner-O'Day Act 
     (41 U.S.C. 46-48c)'' and substituting ``chapter 85 of title 
     41, United States Code''.
       (15) Section 821(a) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense 
     Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106-398, 
     Sec. 1 [H.R. 5408], 10 U.S.C. 4501 note prec.) is amended by 
     striking ``sections 6 and 25 of the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 405 and 421)'' and 
     substituting ``sections 1121 and 1303 of title 41, United 
     States Code,''.
       (16) Section 8675(d) of title 10, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``subtitle I of title 40 and division C 
     (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) 
     of subtitle I'' and substituting ``the provisions referred to 
     in section 171(b) and (c)''.
       (17) Section 9494(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``subtitle I of title 40 and division C 
     (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) 
     of subtitle I'' and substituting ``the provisions referred to 
     in section 171(b) and (c)''.
       (18) Section 9781(g) of title 10, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``subtitle I of title 40 and division C 
     (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) 
     of subtitle I'' and substituting ``the provisions referred to 
     in section 171(b) and (c)''.

     SEC. 9. TITLE 12, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 5153 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 90) is 
     amended by striking ``Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and substituting 
     ``provisions referred to in section 171(b) and (c) of title 
     41, United States Code''.
       (2) Section 502(c)(2) of the Housing Act of 1948 (12 U.S.C. 
     1701c(c)(2)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 
     41, United States Code''.
       (3) Section 108(d) of the Housing and Urban Development Act 
     of 1968 (12 U.S.C. 1701z(d)) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949'' and substituting ``chapter 5 title 40, 
     United States Code''; and
       (B) by striking ``such Act'' and substituting ``such 
     chapter''.
       (4) Section 502 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 
     1970 (12 U.S.C. 1701z-2) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (c)--
       (i) by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 
     40, United States Code''; and
       (ii) by striking ``such Act'' and substituting ``such 
     chapter''; and
       (B) in subsection (e), by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 
     41, United States Code''.
       (5) Section 2(c)(2) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 
     1703(c)(2)) is amended by striking ``Section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes'' and substituting ``Section 6101 of title 
     41, United States Code,''.
       (6) Section 204(g) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 
     1710(g)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised 
     Statutes'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, 
     United States Code,''.
       (7) Section 207(l) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 
     1713(l)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised 
     Statutes'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, 
     United States Code,''.
       (8) Section 604(g) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 
     1739(g)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised 
     Statutes'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, 
     United States Code,''.
       (9) Section 708(h) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 
     1747g(h)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 
     41, United States Code,''.
       (10) Section 712 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 
     1747k) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised 
     Statutes'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (11) Section 904(f) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 
     1750c(f)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 
     41, United States Code,''.
       (12) Section 208(b) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 
     U.S.C. 1788(b)) is amended--
       (A) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking 
     ``Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949'' 
     and substituting ``provisions referred to in section 171(b) 
     and (c) of title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (B) in the matter after paragraph (2), by striking 
     ``Section 3709 of the Revised Statutes of the United States'' 
     and substituting ``Section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.
       (13) Section 17(g) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 
     U.S.C. 1827(g)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 
     41, United States Code''.
       (14) Section 1316(h)(3) of the Federal Housing Enterprises 
     Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 
     4516(h)(3)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes of the United States (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (15) Section 319 (matter before paragraph (1)) of the 
     Enhancing Financial Institution Safety and Soundness Act of 
     2010 (12 U.S.C. 5416 (matter before paragraph (1)) is amended 
     by striking ``Federal Property and Administrative Services 
     Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 251 et seq.)'' and substituting 
     ``provisions referred to in section 171(b) and (c) of title 
     41, United States Code,''.
       (16) Section 1017(a)(5)(C) of the Consumer Financial 
     Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5497(a)(5)(C)) is amended 
     by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes of the 
     United States (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 
     of title 41, United States Code''.

     SEC. 10. TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Effective January 4, 2011, section 5(c)(2) of Public 
     Law 111-350 (124 Stat. 3847) is repealed.
       (2) Section 501(d) of title 14, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``subtitle I of title 40 and division C 
     (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) 
     of subtitle I of title 41'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of 
     title 40''.
       (3) Section 504(a)(8) of title 14, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``subtitle I of title 40 and title III of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (41 U.S.C. 251 et seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of 
     title 40''.
       (4) Section 901(a) of title 14, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``subtitle I of title 40 and division C 
     (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) 
     of subtitle I of title 41'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of 
     title 40''.
       (5) Section 1136(2) of title 14, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 16 of the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 414)'' and substituting 
     ``section 1702 of title 41''.

     SEC. 11. TITLE 15, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 4 of the Metric Conversion Act of 1975 (15 
     U.S.C. 205c) is amended--
       (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ``section 403(6) of title 
     41, United States Code'' and substituting ``section 107 of 
     title 41, United States Code''; and
       (B) in paragraph (8), by striking ``has the meaning given 
     such terms in section 304A of the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 254b)'' and 
     substituting ``has the meaning given the term `cost or 
     pricing data' in section 3501(a) of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (2) Section 7(4) of the Metric Conversion Act of 1975 (15 
     U.S.C. 205f(4)) is amended by striking ``Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949, as amended (40 U.S.C. 
     471 et seq.)'' and substituting ``provisions referred to in 
     section 171(b) and (c) of title 41, United States Code''.
       (3) Section 14(a) of the Metric Conversion Act of 1975 (15 
     U.S.C. 205l(a)) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``division C (except sections 3302, 
     3307(e), 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of subtitle I 
     of title 41, United States Code'' and substituting ``the 
     provisions referred to in section 171(c) of title 41, United 
     States Code''; and
       (B) by striking ``such sections'' and substituting ``such 
     section''.
       (4) Section 2 of the Act of June 16, 1948 (ch. 483, 15 
     U.S.C. 313 note), is amended by striking ``section 3709 of 
     the Revised Statutes''

[[Page H6222]]

     and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (5) Section 417(a) of the Small Business Reauthorization 
     Act of 1997 (Public Law 105-135, 15 U.S.C. 631 note) is 
     amended by striking ``section 22 of the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 418b)'' and substituting 
     ``section 1707 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (6) Section 3(v)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 
     632(v)(1)) is amended by striking ``sections 303H through 
     303K of the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act 
     of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 253h through 253k)'' and substituting 
     ``sections 4101, 4103, 4105, and 4106 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (7) Section 5 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 634) is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ``Section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes, as amended (41 U.S.C., sec. 5),'' and 
     substituting ``Section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''; and
       (B) in subsection (c), by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes, as amended (41 U.S.C., sec. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (8) Section 8 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637) is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (d)(4)(F)(ii), by striking ``the Contract 
     Disputes Act of 1978 (41 U.S.C. 601-613)'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 71 of title 41, United States Code'';
       (B) in subsection (d)(13)(E)--
       (i) by striking ``section 25(a) of the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 421(a))'' and substituting 
     ``section 1302(a) of title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (ii) by striking ``section 25 of such Act'' and 
     substituting ``section 1303(a) of title 41, United States 
     Code,'';
       (C) in subsection (e)(2)(A)(i), by striking ``section 
     18(a)(7) of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 
     U.S.C. 416(a)(7))'' and substituting ``section 1708(d) of 
     title 41, United States Code''';
       (D) in subsection (g)(2), by striking ``section 303(c) of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (41 U.S.C. 253(c))'' and substituting ``section 3304(a) of 
     title 41, United States Code,'';
       (E) in subsection (h)(1)--
       (i) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking ``section 16(3) 
     of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     414(3))'' and substituting ``paragraphs (1) and (2) of 
     section 1702(c) of title 41, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``title III of the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 
     U.S.C. 251 et seq.)'' and substituting ``the provisions 
     referred to in section 171(c) of title 41, United States 
     Code,'';
       (F) in subsection (h)(2)--
       (i) by striking ``section 303(f)(2) of the Federal Property 
     and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 
     253(f)(2))'' and substituting ``paragraphs (3) and (4) of 
     section 3304(e) of title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (ii) by striking ``section 303(f)(1) of such Act or section 
     2304(f)(1) of such title'' and substituting ``section 
     3304(e)(1) of title 41, United States Code, or section 
     2304(f)(1) of title 10, United States Code'';
       (G) in subsection (j), by striking ``section 4(1) of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403(1))'' 
     and substituting ``section 133 of title 41, United States 
     Code''; and
       (H) in subsection (m)(1)(A), by striking ``section 27(f)(5) 
     of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     423(f)(5))'' and substituting ``section 2101(1) of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (9) Section 1321 of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 
     (Public Law 111-240, 15 U.S.C. 637 note) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``section 25(a) of the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 421(a))'' and substituting 
     ``section 1302(a) of title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (B) by striking ``section 25 of such Act'' and substituting 
     ``section 1303(a) of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (10) Section 304(b) of the Business Opportunity Development 
     Reform Act of 1988 (Public Law 100-656, 15 U.S.C. 637 note) 
     is amended by striking ``section 22 of the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 418b)'' and substituting 
     ``section 1707 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (11) Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (e)(8), by striking ``section 35(c)(1) of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act'' and 
     substituting ``section 1303(a)(1) of title 41, United States 
     Code''; and
       (B) in subsection (n)(2)(A), by striking ``section 25(c)(1) 
     of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act'' and 
     substituting ``section 1303(a)(1) of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (12) Section 15 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644) 
     is amended--
       (A) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by striking ``the first 
     section of the Act entitled `An Act to create a Committee on 
     Purchases of Blind-made Products, and for other purposes', 
     approved June 25, 1938 (41 U.S.C. 46)'' and substituting 
     ``section 8502 of title 41, United States Code'';
       (B) in subsection (c)(2)(B), by striking ``section 2 of the 
     Act entitled `An Act to create a Committee on Purchases of 
     Blind-made Products, and for other purposes', approved June 
     25, 1938 (41 U.S.C. 47)'' and substituting ``section 8503 of 
     title 41, United States Code'';
       (C) in subsection (q)(2)(A)--
       (i) by striking ``section 25(a) of the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 4219(a))'' and substituting 
     ``section 1302(a) of title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (ii) by striking ``section 25 of such Act'' and 
     substituting ``section 1303(a) of title 41, United States 
     Code,''; and
       (D) in subsection (r)(2), by striking ``section 303J(b) of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (41 U.S.C. 253j(b))'' and substituting ``section 4106(c) of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (13) Section 2353 of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining 
     Act of 1994 (Public Law 103-355, 15 U.S.C. 644 note) is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ``the Contract 
     Disputes Act of 1978 (41 U.S.C. 601 et seq.)'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 71 of title 41, United States Code''; 
     and
       (B) in subsection (b), by striking ``the Contract Disputes 
     Act of 1978 (41 U.S.C. 601 et seq.)'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 71 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (14) Section 133(c) of the Small Business Administration 
     Reauthorization and Amendment Act of 1988 (Public Law 100-
     590, 15 U.S.C. 644 note) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``affiars'' and substituting ``affairs''; 
     and
       (B) by striking ``the first section of the Act entitled `An 
     Act to create a Committee on Purchases of Blind-made 
     Products, and for other purposes', approved June 25, 1938 (41 
     U.S.C. 46)'' and substituting ``section 8502 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (15) Section 31(c) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 
     657a(c)) is amended--
       (A) in paragraph (1)--
       (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``section 27(f)(5) of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     423(f)(5))'' and substituting ``section 2101(1) of title 41, 
     United States Code''; and
       (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``section 4 of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403)'' 
     and substituting ``section 107 of title 41, United States 
     Code''; and
       (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ``the Javits-Wagner-O'Day 
     Act (41 U.S.C. 46 et seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 85 of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (16) Section 604(d) of the Veterans Entrepreneurship and 
     Small Business Development Act of 1999 (Public Law 106-50, 15 
     U.S.C. 657b note) is amended by striking ``section 6(d)(4)(A) 
     of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     405(d)(4)(A))'' and substituting ``section 1122(a)(4)(A) of 
     title 41, United States Code,''.
       (17) Section 36(e) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 
     657f(e)) is amended by striking ``the Javits-Wagner-O'Day Act 
     (41 U.S.C. 46 et seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 85 of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (18) Section 44(a)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 
     657q(a)(3)) is amended by striking ``United States Code'' and 
     substituting ``United States Code,''.
       (19) Section 8(b) of the Joint Resolution of December 30, 
     1947 (ch. 526, 15 U.S.C. 713d-2(b)) is amended by striking 
     ``sections 3709 and 3648 of the Revised Statutes, as amended 
     (U. S. C., title 41, sec. 5, and title 31, sec. 529)'' and 
     substituting ``section 3324(a) and (b) of title 31, United 
     States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (20) Section 4(h) of the Commodity Credit Corporation 
     Charter Act (15 U.S.C. 714b(h)) is amended by striking ``the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949, as 
     amended'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United 
     States Code''.
       (21) Section 14 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter 
     Act (15 U.S.C. 714l) is amended by striking ``section 1 of 
     the Act of February 27, 1877, as amended (41 U.S.C., 1940 
     edition, 22)'' and substituting ``section 6306(a) of title 
     41, United States Code,''.
       (22) Section 21(b)(1) of the Federal Fire Prevention and 
     Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2218(b)(1)) is amended by 
     striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes, as amended 
     (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, 
     United States Code,''.
       (23) Section 8 of the Electric and Hybrid Vehicle Research, 
     Development, and Demonstration Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 2507) 
     is amended--
       (A) in subsection (c), by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''; and
       (B) in subsection (e), by striking ``title III of the Act 
     of March 3, 1933 (47 Stat. 1520; 41 U.S.C. 10a-10c)'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (24) Section 10 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 
     U.S.C. 2609) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (a), by striking ``sections 3648 and 3709 
     of the Revised Statutes (31 U.S.C. 529, 14 U.S.C. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 3324(a) and (b) of title 31, United 
     States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''; and
       (B) in subsection (b)(2)(B), by striking ``sections 3648 
     and 3709 of the Revised Statutes (31 U.S.C. 529, 41 U.S.C. 
     5)'' and substituting ``section 3324(a) and (b) of title 31, 
     United States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (25) Section 27(b) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 
     U.S.C. 2626(b)) is amended by striking ``sections 3648 and 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes (31 U.S.C. 529; 41 U.S.C. 5)'' 
     and substituting ``section 3324(a) and (b) of title 31, 
     United States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.

     SEC. 12. TITLE 16, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 3 of Public Law 90-545 (16 U.S.C. 79c) is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ``the Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949, as 
     amended'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United 
     States Code''; and

[[Page H6223]]

       (B) in subsection (c), by striking ``the Federal Property 
     and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (63 Stat. 377), as 
     amended (40 U.S.C. 471 et seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 
     5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (2) Section 201(a)(2)(B)(ii) of Public Law 91-661 (16 
     U.S.C. 160b(a)(2)(B)(ii)) is amended by striking ``the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (63 
     Stat. 377), as amended'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of 
     title 40, United States Code''.
       (3) Section 2 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (ch. 674, 16 
     U.S.C. 343b), is amended by striking ``section 355, as 
     amended, section 1136, as amended, and section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes (except the last paragraph of said section 
     355, as amended'' and substituting ``sections 3111 and 3112 
     of title 40, United States Code, and section 6101 of title 
     41, United States Code (except said section 3112''.
       (4) Section 317 of Public Law 98-146 (16 U.S.C. 396f) 
     (known as the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies 
     Appropriation Act, 1984) is amended by striking ``the Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (5) Section 9102(e) of the Department of Defense 
     Appropriations Act, 1990 (Public Law 101-165, 16 U.S.C. 396f 
     note) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and 
     substituting ``section 102 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (6) Section 102(d) of the Everglades National Park 
     Protection and Expansion Act of 1989 (16 U.S.C. 410r-6(d)) is 
     amended by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949 (63 Stat. 377)'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (7) Section 2 of Public Law 86-62 (16 U.S.C. 430a-2) is 
     amended by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and substituting ``chapter 
     5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (8) Section 102(c) of Public Law 101-442 (16 U.S.C. 430h-
     7(c)) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (9) Subparagraph (D) of the introductory provisions of 
     section 3 of Public Law 90-468 (16 U.S.C. 441l) is amended by 
     striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative Services 
     Act of 1949'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, 
     United States Code''.
       (10) Section 2(a) of the Act of May 17, 1954 (ch. 204, 16 
     U.S.C. 450jj-1(a)) (known as the Jefferson National Expansion 
     Memorial Act) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes, as amended'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (11) Public Law 87-313 (16 U.S.C. 459a-4 note) is amended 
     by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and substituting ``chapter 
     5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (12) Section 2(a) of Public Law 92-237 (16 U.S.C. 460m-
     9(a)) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (63 Stat 377; 40 U.S.C. 
     471 et seq.), as amended'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of 
     title 40, United States Code''.
       (13) Section 8(a) of Public Law 91-479 (16 U.S.C. 460x-
     7(a)) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (63 Stat. 377), as 
     amended (40 U.S.C. 471 et seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 
     5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (14) Section 3(a) of Public Law 92-589 (16 U.S.C. 460bb-
     2(a)) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (63 Stat. 377), as 
     amended'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United 
     States Code''.
       (15) Section 108(c)(1) of the Water Resources Development 
     Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 460ee(c)(1)) is amended by striking 
     ``the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 
     1949 (63 Stat. 377; 40 U.S.C. 471 et seq.), as amended'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (16) Section 2(d) of Public Law 93-555 (16 U.S.C. 460ff-
     1(d)) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (17) Section 2(a) of Public Law 94-235 (16 U.S.C. 460hh-
     1(a)) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (63 Stat. 377), as 
     amended'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United 
     States Code''.
       (18) Section 102(b) of Public Law 95-344 (16 U.S.C. 460ii-
     1(b)) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 471 et seq.)'' 
     and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States 
     Code''.
       (19) Section 545(d)(1)(B) of The Land Between the Lakes 
     Protection Act of 1998 (16 U.S.C. 460lll-45(d)(1)(B)) is 
     amended by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 471 et seq.)'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (20) The proviso relating to open purchase, without 
     advertising, of seeds, cones, and nursery stock under the 
     heading ``General expenses, Forest Service'' under the 
     heading ``FOREST SERVICE'' in the Act of June 30, 1914 (ch. 
     131, 38 Stat. 429, 16 U.S.C. 504), is amended by striking 
     ``section 3709, Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (21) The first section of the Act of July 26, 1956 (ch. 
     736, 16 U.S.C. 505a) is amended by striking ``the Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949, as 
     amended'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United 
     States Code''.
       (22) Section 3 of the Act of April 24, 1950 (ch. 97, 16 
     U.S.C. 580c) is amended by striking ``section 3709, Revised 
     Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (23) Section 302(b) of the Department of Agriculture 
     Organic Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 590q-1) is amended by striking 
     ``the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 
     1949, as amended'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, 
     United States Code''.
       (24) Section 5(c) of the Act of August 11, 1939 (ch. 717, 
     16 U.S.C. 590z-3(c)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of 
     the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (25) Section 9(d)(2)(A) of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife 
     Restoration Act (known as the Federal Aid in Wildlife 
     Restoration Act) (16 U.S.C. 669h(d)(2)(A)) is amended by 
     striking ``section 4 of the Office of Federal Procurement 
     Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403)'' and substituting ``section 132 
     of title 41, United States Code''.
       (26) Section 208(d) of the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670o(d)) is 
     amended by striking ``title III (other than section 304) of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (41 U.S.C. 251-260)'' and substituting ``the provisions 
     referred to in subsection 171(c) (except sections 3901 and 
     3905) of title 41, United States Code''.
       (27) Section 3 of the Act of May 11, 1938 (ch. 193, 16 
     U.S.C. 757) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 
     41, United States Code''.
       (28) Section 9(d)(2)(A) of the Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish 
     Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777h(d)(2)(A)) is amended by 
     striking ``section 4 of the Office of Federal Procurement 
     Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403)'' and substituting ``section 132 
     of title 41, United States Code''.
       (29) Section 2 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 793) is 
     amended by striking ``Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and substituting 
     ``provisions referred to in section 171(b) and (c) of title 
     41, United States Code''.
       (30) Section 14 of the Whaling Convention Act of 1949 (16 
     U.S.C. 916l) is amended--
       (A) in paragraph (2)(e), by striking ``section 11 of the 
     Act of March 1, 1919 (U.S.C., title 44, sec. 111), and 
     section 3709 of the Revised Statutes (U.S.C., title 41, sec. 
     5)'' and substituting ``section 501 of title 44, United 
     States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''; and
       (B) in paragraph (2)(f), by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes (U.S.C., title 41, sec. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (31) Section 12 of the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 (16 
     U.S.C. 961) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (c), by striking ``section 11 of the Act 
     of March 1, 1919 (U.S.C., title 44, sec. 111), or section 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes (U.S.C., title 41, sec. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 501 of title 44, United States Code, 
     or section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''; and
       (B) in subsection (d), by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes (U.S.C., title 41, sec. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (32) Section 2(b)(1) of Public Law 87-758 (16 U.S.C. 
     1052(b)(1)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes of the United States (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (33) Section 114(a) of the Department of the Interior, 
     Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2012 
     (Public Law 112-74, 16 U.S.C. 1336 note) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``section 304B of the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 254c)'' and 
     substituting ``section 3903 of title 41, United States 
     Code''; and
       (B) by striking ``5-year term restriction in subsection 
     (d)'' and substituting ``5-year term restriction in 
     subsection (a)''.
       (34) Section 8(f)(2) of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance 
     Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2104(f)(2)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (35) Section 10(c) of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance 
     Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2106(c)) is amended by striking ``the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949'' 
     and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States 
     Code''.
       (36) Section 4(e)(1) of the Coastal Barrier Resources Act 
     (16 U.S.C. 3503(e)(1)) is amended by striking ``the Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 
     471 et seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, 
     United States Code,''.

     SEC. 13. TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 443 of title 18, United States Code, is amended 
     by striking ``section 103 of Title 41'' and substituting 
     ``section 3 of the Contract Settlement Act of 1944 (ch. 358, 
     58 Stat. 650)''.
       (2) Section 819(c) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe 
     Streets Act of 1968 (Public Law 90-351, 18 U.S.C. 1761 note) 
     is amended by striking ``the first section of the Act of June 
     30, 1936 (49 Stat. 2036; 41 U.S.C. 35), commonly known as the 
     Walsh-Healey Act'' and substituting ``section 6502 of title 
     41, United States Code''.
       (3) Section 3287 of title 18, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 103 of title 41'' and 
     substituting ``section 3 of the Contract Settlement Act of 
     1944 (ch. 358, 58 Stat. 650)''.

[[Page H6224]]

       (4) Section 3672 of title 18, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (5) Section 118 of the Department of Justice Appropriations 
     Act, 2001 (Public Law 106-553, section 1(a)(2) [title I], 18 
     U.S.C. 4013 note) is amended by striking ``section 4(d) of 
     the Service Contract Act of 1965 (41 U.S.C. 353(d))'' and 
     substituting ``section 6707(d) of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (6) Section 637 of division H of the Consolidated 
     Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108-447, 18 U.S.C. 4124 
     note) is amended by striking ``section 25(c)(1) of the Office 
     of Federal Procurement Act (41 U.S.C. 421(c)(1))'' and 
     substituting ``section 1303(a)(1) of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.

     SEC. 14. TITLE 19, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 3131(a)(1) of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1986 
     (19 U.S.C. 2081(a)(1)) is amended by striking clauses (ii) 
     through (v) of subparagraph (A) and substituting the 
     following:
       ``(ii) sections 6301(a) and (b)(1) through (3) and 6306 of 
     title 41, United States Code,
       ``(iii) chapter 45 of title 41, United States Code,
       ``(iv) section 8141 of title 40, United States Code, and
       ``(v) section 3901 of title 41, United States Code, and''.
       (2) Section 302(c)(2)(B) of the Trade Agreements Act of 
     1979 (19 U.S.C. 2512(c)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ``title 
     III of the Act of March 3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 10a et seq.), 
     commonly referred to as the Buy American Act'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (3) Section 303 of the Trade Agreements Act of 1979 (19 
     U.S.C. 2513) is amended by striking ``title III of the Act of 
     March 3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 10a et seq.), popularly referred to 
     as the Buy American Act,'' and substituting ``chapter 83 of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (4) Section 1376(b)(1) of the Telecommunications Trade Act 
     of 1988 (19 U.S.C. 3105(b)(1)) is amended--
       (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ``title III of the Act 
     of March 3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 10a, et seq.)'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking ``title III of the Act 
     of March 3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 10a, et seq.)'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code,''.

     SEC. 15. TITLE 20, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 6(a) of the Act of March 4, 1927 (ch. 505, 20 
     U.S.C. 196(a)) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property 
     and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 471 et 
     seq.) and section 321 of the Act of June 30, 1932 (40 U.S.C. 
     303b)'' and substituting ``section 1302 of title 40, United 
     States Code, and the provisions referred to in section 171(b) 
     and (c) of title 41, United States Code''.
       (2) Section 142 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 
     U.S.C. 1018a) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (d)(2)(A), by striking ``section 18 of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     416)'' and substituting ``section 1708 of title 41, United 
     States Code,'';
       (B) in subsection (d)(3)(A), by striking ``sections 303A 
     and 303B of the Federal Property and Administrative Services 
     Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 253a and 253b)'' and substituting 
     ``sections 3306(a) through (e) and 3308, chapter 37, and 
     section 4702 of title 41, United States Code'';
       (C) in subsection (f)(1)(A), by striking ``section 18 of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     416)'' and substituting ``section 1708 of title 41, United 
     States Code,'';
       (D) in subsection (g)(5)(C), by striking ``section 18(b) of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     416(b))'' and substituting ``section 1708(c) of title 41, 
     United States Code''; and
       (E) in subsection (g)(6), by striking ``section 303(f) of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (41 U.S.C. 253(f))'' and substituting ``section 3304(e) of 
     title 41, United States Code,''.
       (3) Section 401(i) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 
     U.S.C. 1070a(i)) is amended by striking ``subtitle D of title 
     V of Public Law 100-690'' and substituting ``chapter 81 of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (4) Section 402A(b)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 
     (20 U.S.C. 1070a-11(b)(1)) is amended by striking ``section 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (5) Section 13(a)(6) of the Harry S Truman Memorial 
     Scholarship Act (20 U.S.C. 2012(a)(6)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (41 U.S.C. 
     5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (6) Section 7(a)(7) of the American Folklife Preservation 
     Act (20 U.S.C. 2106(a)(7)) is amended by striking ``section 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (7) Section 415(a) of the Department of Education 
     Organization Act (20 U.S.C. 3475(a)) is amended by striking 
     ``of the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 
     1949'' and substituting ``referred to in section 171(b) and 
     (c) of title 41, United States Code''.
       (8) Section 814(a)(6) of the James Madison Memorial 
     Fellowship Act (20 U.S.C. 4513(a)(6)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 5 of title 41'' and substituting ``section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (9) Section 1411(a)(6) of the Barry Goldwater Scholarship 
     and Excellence in Education Act (20 U.S.C. 4710(a)(6)) is 
     amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes 
     (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (10) Section 12(a)(6) of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. 
     Udall Foundation Act (20 U.S.C. 5608(a)(6)) is amended by 
     striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 
     5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (11) Section 1022(1) of the Goals 2000: Educate America Act 
     (20 U.S.C. 6067(1)) is amended by striking ``sections 2 
     through 4 of the Act of March 3, 1993 (41 U.S.C. 10a-10c, 
     popularly known as the `Buy American Act')'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code''.

     SEC. 16. TITLE 21, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 505(k)(4)(H) of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
     Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(k)(4)(H)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 4(5) of the Federal Procurement Policy Act'' and 
     substituting ``section 132 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (2) Section 520(k) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic 
     Act (21 U.S.C. 360j(k)) is amended by striking ``sections 
     3648 and 3709 of the Revised Statutes (31 U.S.C. 529, 41 
     U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 3324(a) and (b) of 
     title 31, United States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (3) Section 532(b)(3) of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
     Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ii(b)(3)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes of the United States 
     (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (4) Section 502(b) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 
     U.S.C. 872(b)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.

     SEC. 17. TITLE 22, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 2(b)(1) of the Joint Resolution of June 30, 
     1948 (ch. 756, 22 U.S.C. 272a(b)(1)), is amended by striking 
     ``section 11 of the Act of March 1, 1919 (44 U.S.C. 111), and 
     section 3709 of the Revised Statutes, as amended'' and 
     substituting ``section 501 of title 44, United States Code, 
     and section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (2) Section 103 of the American-Mexican Treaty Act of 1950 
     (22 U.S.C. 277d-3) is amended by striking ``sections 3679, 
     3732, and 3733 of the Revised Statutes'' and substituting 
     ``sections 1341, 1342, and 1349 through 1351 and subchapter 
     II of chapter 15 of title 31, United States Code, and 
     sections 6301(a) and (b) and 6303 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.
       (3) Section 103 of the American-Mexican Boundary Treaty Act 
     of 1972 (22 U.S.C. 277d-36) is amended by striking ``the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949'' 
     and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States 
     Code''.
       (4) Section 804(c)(2)(N) of the Tijuana River Valley 
     Estuary and Beach Sewage Cleanup Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 277d-
     44(c)(2)(N)) is amended by striking ``title III of the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 
     U.S.C. 251 et seq.)'' and substituting ``the provisions 
     referred to in section 171(c) of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (5) The Act of August 27, 1935 (ch. 763, 22 U.S.C. 277e) is 
     amended by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and substituting ``chapter 
     5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (6) Section 3(b) of the Joint Resolution of January 28, 
     1948 (ch. 38, 22 U.S.C. 280b(b)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 11 of the Act of March 1, 1919 (44 U.S.C. 111), and 
     section 3709 of the Revised Statutes, as amended'' and 
     substituting ``section 501 of title 44, United States Code, 
     and section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (7) Section 2(b) of the Joint Resolution of March 4, 1948 
     (ch. 97, 22 U.S.C. 280i(b)) is amended by striking ``section 
     11 of the Act of March 1, 1919 (44 U.S.C. 111), and section 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes, as amended'' and substituting 
     ``section 501 of title 44, United States Code, and section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (8) Section 2(b) of the Joint Resolution of June 28, 1948 
     (ch. 686, 22 U.S.C. 280k(b)) is amended by striking ``section 
     11 of the Act of March 1, 1919 (44 U.S.C. 111), and section 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes, as amended'' and substituting 
     ``section 501 of title 44, United States Code, and section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (9) Section 8 of the United Nations Participation Act of 
     1945 (22 U.S.C. 287e) is amended by striking ``section 3709 
     of the Revised Statutes, as amended (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (10) Section 6 of the Joint Resolution of July 30, 1946 
     (ch. 700, 22 U.S.C. 287r) is amended--
       (A) in clause (f), by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes (U.S.C., title 41, sec. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''; and
       (B) in clause (k), by striking ``section 11 of the Act of 
     March 1, 1919 (U.S.C., title 44, sec. 111), and section 3709 
     of the Revised Statutes (U.S.C., title 41, sec. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 501 of title 44, United States Code, 
     and section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (11) Section 4(a) of the Joint Resolution of July 1, 1947 
     (ch. 185, 22 U.S.C. 289c(a)) is amended by striking 
     ``sections 3709 and 3648 of the Revised Statutes, as amended 
     (U.S.C., 1940 edition, title 41, sec. 5, and title 31, sec. 
     529)'' and substituting ``section 3324(a) and (b) of title 
     31, United States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (12) Section 3(b)(1) of the Joint Resolution of June 14, 
     1948 (ch. 469, 22 U.S.C. 290b(b)(1)),

[[Page H6225]]

     is amended by striking ``section 11 of the Act of March 1, 
     1919 (44 U.S.C. 111), and section 3709 of the Revised 
     Statutes, as amended'' and substituting ``section 501 of 
     title 44, United States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (13) Section 802(a)(2) of the United States Information and 
     Educational Exchange Act of 1948 (22 U.S.C. 1472(a)(2)) is 
     amended by striking ``section 3741 of the Revised Statutes 
     (41 U.S.C. 22)'' and substituting ``section 6306 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (14) Section 5(c)(2) of the International Health Research 
     Act of 1960 (22 U.S.C. 2103(c)(2)) is amended by striking 
     ``sections 3648 and 3709 of the Revised Statutes of the 
     United States'' and substituting ``section 3324(a) and (b) of 
     title 31, United States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (15) Section 219(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 
     (22 U.S.C. 2179(c)) is amended by striking ``sections 3648 
     and 3709 of the Revised Statutes of the United States (31 
     U.S.C. 529 and 41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 
     3324(a) and (b) of title 31, United States Code, and section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (16) Section 608 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 
     U.S.C. 2358) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (a)--
       (i) by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949, as amended (40 U.S.C. 471 et seq.)'' 
     and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States 
     Code''; and
       (ii) by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949, as amended,'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code,''; and
       (B) in subsection (b), by striking ``the Federal Property 
     and Administrative Services Act of 1949, as amended,'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code,''.
       (17) Section 632(e)(1) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 
     1961 (22 U.S.C. 2392(e)(1)) is amended by striking ``the 
     Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, as amended (second and 
     third paragraphs of 31 U.S.C. 203 and 41 U.S.C. 15)'' and 
     substituting ``section 3727(b) (last sentence) and (c) of 
     title 31, United States Code, and section 6305(b)(1) through 
     (7) of title 41, United States Code''.
       (18) Section 636(g)(3) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 
     1961 (22 U.S.C. 2396(g)(3)) is amended by striking ``section 
     3733 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 12)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6303 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.
       (19) Section 10(d) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 
     2509(d)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised 
     Statutes of the United States, as amended, section 302 of the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949'' 
     and substituting ``sections 3101(a) and (c), 3104, 3106, 
     3301(b)(2), and 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (20) Section 401(a) of the Arms Control and Disarmament Act 
     (22 U.S.C. 2581(a)) is amended by striking ``the Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949, as 
     amended'' and substituting ``chapters 1 through 11 of title 
     40, United States Code''.
       (21) Section 2(h) of the State Department Basic Authorities 
     Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2669(h)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 303(c)(2) of the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949'' and substituting 
     ``section 3304(a)(2) of title 41, United States Code''.
       (22) Section 9 of the State Department Basic Authorities 
     Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2676) is amended by striking ``section 
     3741 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 22)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6306 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (23) Section 565(a)(1) of the Anti-Economic Discrimination 
     Act of 1994 (22 U.S.C. 2679c(a)(1)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 4(11) of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy 
     Act (41 U.S.C. 403(11))'' and substituting ``section 134 of 
     title 41, United States Code)''.
       (24) Section 41(b)(2) of the State Department Basic 
     Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2713(b)(2)) is amended by 
     striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative Services 
     Act of 1949'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, 
     United States Code''.
       (25) Section 3101(c)(2) of the Panama Canal Act of 1979 (22 
     U.S.C. 3861(c)(2)) is amended--
       (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``section 27 of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 423)'' 
     and substituting ``chapter 21 of title 41, United States 
     Code''; and
       (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``the Contract 
     Disputes Act of 1978 (41 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), other than 
     section 10(a) of such Act (41 U.S.C. 609(a))'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 71 (other than section 7104(b)) of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (26) Section 3102 of the Panama Canal Act of 1979 (22 
     U.S.C. 3862) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (a)(1)--
       (i) by striking ``section 8 of the Contract Disputes Act of 
     1978 (41 U.S.C. 607)'' and substituting ``sections 7105(a), 
     (c) through (e), and (g), 7106(a), and 7107(a) of title 41, 
     United States Code'';
       (ii) by striking ``the Contract Disputes Act of 1978 (41 
     U.S.C. 601 et seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 71 of title 
     41, United States Code,''; and
       (iii) by striking ``that Act'' and substituting ``that 
     chapter''; and
       (B) in subsection (b)--
       (i) by striking ``section 10(a)(1) of the Contract Disputes 
     Act of 1978 (41 U.S.C. 609(a)(1))'' and substituting 
     ``section 7104(b)(1) of title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (ii) by striking ``section 8(d) of such Act (41 U.S.C. 
     607(d))'' and substituting ``section 7105(e) of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (27) Section 704(a)(5) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 
     (22 U.S.C. 4024(a)(5)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 
     of the Revised Statutes of the United States (41 U.S.C. 5) 
     and section 302 of the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 252)'' and substituting 
     ``sections 3101(a) and (c), 3104, 3106, 3301(b)(2), and 6101 
     of title 41, United States Code''.
       (28) Section 202(c)(1) of the Support for East European 
     Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989 (22 U.S.C. 5422(c)(1)) is 
     amended by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 471 and following)'' and 
     substituting ``chapters 1 through 11 of title 40, United 
     States Code''.

     SEC. 18. TITLE 23, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 140 of title 23, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (b), by striking ``section 6101(b) to 
     (d)'' and substituting ``section 6101''; and
       (B) in subsection (c), by striking ``section 6101(b) to 
     (d)'' and substituting ``section 6101''.
       (2) Section 502(c)(5) of title 23, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``Section 6101''.

     SEC. 19. TITLE 24, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 11 of the Saint Elizabeths Hospital and 
     District of Columbia Mental Health Services Act (24 U.S.C. 
     225h) is amended--
       (A) in the heading, by striking ``BUY AMERICAN'' and 
     substituting ``CHAPTER 83 OF TITLE 41, UNITED STATES CODE,'';
       (B) in subsection (a), by striking ``the Buy American Act 
     of 1933, as amended'' and substituting ``chapter 83 of title 
     41, United States Code'';
       (C) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ``the Buy American 
     Act'' and substituting ``chapter 83 of title 41, United 
     States Code,'';
       (D) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ``the Buy American 
     Act'' and substituting ``chapter 83 of title 41, United 
     States Code,'';
       (E) in subsection (c), by striking ``the Buy American Act'' 
     and substituting ``chapter 83 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''; and
       (F) by striking subsection (d) and redesignating 
     subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (d) and (e), 
     respectively.
       (2) Section 2(a) of Public Law 86-571 (24 U.S.C. 322(a)) is 
     amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes, 
     as amended (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (3) Section 4(a) of Public Law 86-571 (24 U.S.C. 324(a)) is 
     amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes, 
     as amended'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.

     SEC. 20. TITLE 25, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) The Act of April 12, 1924 (ch. 93, 25 U.S.C. 190) is 
     amended by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and substituting ``chapter 
     5 of title 40, United States Code,''.
       (2) The fourth paragraph on p. 973 (39 Stat.) in the first 
     section of the Act of March 2, 1917 (ch. 146, 25 U.S.C. 293) 
     is amended by striking ``the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code,''.
       (3) Section 310 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act 
     (25 U.S.C. 1638b) is amended--
       (A) in the heading, by striking ``BUY AMERICAN'' and 
     substituting ``CHAPTER 83 OF TITLE 41, UNITED STATES CODE,'';
       (B) in subsection (a), by striking ``the Buy American Act'' 
     and substituting ``chapter 83 of title 41, United States 
     Code,'';
       (C) in subsection (b), by striking ``the Buy American Act'' 
     and substituting ``chapter 83 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''; and
       (D) by striking subsection (d).
       (4) Section 105(a)(3) of the Indian Self-Determination Act 
     (25 U.S.C. 5324(a)(3)) is amended--
       (A) in subparagraph (A)--
       (i) by striking ``of the Office of Federal Procurement 
     Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 401 et seq.)'' and substituting 
     ``referred to in section 172(b) of title 41, United States 
     Code,''; and
       (ii) by striking ``such Act'' and substituting ``such 
     provisions,'';
       (B) in subparagraph (C)(ii)(I), by striking ``Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 
     471 et seq.)'' and substituting ``provisions referred to in 
     section 171(b) and (c) of title 41, United States Code'';
       (C) in subparagraph (C)(ii)(II), by striking ``Section 3709 
     of the Revised Statutes'' and substituting ``Section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code'';
       (D) in subparagraph (C)(ii)(IV), by striking ``Title III of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (63 Stat. 393 et seq., chapter 288)'' and substituting 
     ``Provisions referred to in section 171(c) of title 41, 
     United States Code'';
       (E) in subparagraph (C)(ii)(VIII), by striking ``Sections 1 
     through 12 of the Act of June 30, 1936 (49 Stat. 2036 et seq. 
     chapter 881)'' and substituting ``Chapter 65 of title 41, 
     United States Code''; and
       (F) in subparagraph (C)(ii)(IX), by striking ``The Service 
     Control Act of 1965 (41 U.S.C. 351 et seq.)'' and 
     substituting ``Chapter 67 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (5) Section 107(a)(1) of the Indian Self-Determination Act 
     (25 U.S.C. 5328(a)(1)) is amended by striking ``the Contract 
     Disputes

[[Page H6226]]

     Act of 1978 (41 U.S.C. 601 et seq.)'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 71 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (6) Section 110(d) of the Indian Self-Determination Act (25 
     U.S.C. 5331(d)) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``The Contract Disputes Act (Public Law 95-
     563, Act of November 1, 1978; 92 Stat. 2383, as amended)'' 
     and substituting ``Chapter 71 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''; and
       (B) by striking ``Interior Board of Contract Appeals 
     established pursuant to section 8 of such Act (41 U.S.C. 
     607)'' and substituting ``Civilian Board of Contract Appeals 
     established pursuant to section 7105(b) of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (7) Section 403(e)(1) of the Indian Self-Determination and 
     Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5363(e)(1)) is amended by 
     striking ``of the Office of Federal Procurement and Policy 
     Act'' and substituting ``referred to in section 172(b) of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (8) Section 509(h) of the Indian Self-Determination and 
     Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5389(h)) is amended by 
     striking ``of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act'' 
     and substituting ``referred to in section 172(b) of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (9) Section 510 of the Indian Self-Determination and 
     Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5390) is amended by 
     striking ``of the Office of Federal Procurement and Policy 
     Act (41 U.S.C. 401 et seq.)'' and substituting ``referred to 
     in section 172(b) of title 41, United States Code,''.

     SEC. 21. TITLE 26, UNITED STATES CODE.

       Section 301(b)(3) of the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and 
     Compensation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-347, 26 U.S.C. 5000C 
     note) is amended by striking ``section 4 of the Office of 
     Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403)'' and 
     substituting ``section 133 of title 41, United States Code''.

     SEC. 22. TITLE 28, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) The last sentence of section 524(c)(1) of title 28, 
     United States Code, is amended by striking ``division C 
     (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) 
     of subtitle I of title 41, section 6101(b) to (d) of title 
     41'' and substituting ``the provisions referred to in section 
     171(c) of title 41, section 6101 of title 41''.
       (2) Section 115(a)(2) of the Department of Justice 
     Appropriations Act, 1999 (Public Law 105-277, div. A, 
     Sec. 101(b) [title I], 28 U.S.C. 524 note) is amended by 
     striking ``title II or IX of the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949, the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act'' and substituting ``chapter 5 or 11 
     of title 40, United States Code, the provisions referred to 
     in section 172(b) of title 41, United States Code''.
       (3) Section 102(b)(1)(A) of the Department of Justice and 
     Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1993 (Public Law 102-
     395, title I, 28 U.S.C. 533 note) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``section 3732(a) of the Revised Statutes 
     (41 U.S.C. 11(a)), section 305 of the Act of June 30, 1949 
     (63 Stat. 396; 41 U.S.C. 255)'' and substituting ``chapter 45 
     and section 6301(a) and (b)(1) through (3) of title 41 of the 
     United States Code''; and
       (B) by striking ``section 3741 of the Revised Statutes (41 
     U.S.C. 22), and subsections (a) and (c) of section 304 of the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Service Act of 1949 (63 
     Stat. 395; 41 U.S.C. 254(a) and (c))'' and substituting ``and 
     sections 3901 and 6306(a) of title 41 of the United States 
     Code''.
       (4) Section 310(a)(2) of the Bankruptcy Judges, United 
     States Trustees, and Family Farmer Bankruptcy Act of 1986 
     (Public Law 99-554, 28 U.S.C. 581 note) is amended by 
     striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative Services 
     Act of 1949, the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act'' 
     and substituting ``the provisions referred to in sections 
     171(b) and (c) and 172(b) of title 41 of the United States 
     Code''.
       (5) Section 604 of title 28, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (a)(10)(C), by striking ``section 6101(b) 
     to (d)'' and substituting ``section 6101''; and
       (B) in subsection (g)(4)--
       (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``section 253l of 
     title 41, United States Code'' and substituting ``section 
     3902 of title 41'';
       (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``section 254c of 
     title 41, United States Code'' and substituting ``section 
     3903 of title 41''; and
       (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ``section 255 of 
     title 41, United States Code'' and substituting ``chapter 45 
     of title 41''.
       (6) Section 624(3) of title 28, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (7) Section 753(g) of title 28, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (8) Section 1491(a)(2) of title 28, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6 of that Act'' and 
     substituting ``section 7103 (except subsection (c)(2)) of 
     title 41''.

     SEC. 23. TITLE 29, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 6(e) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 
     (29 U.S.C. 206(e)) is amended--
       (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ``the Service Contract 
     Act of 1965 (41 U.S.C. 351-357)'' and substituting ``chapter 
     67 of title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ``the Service Contract 
     Act of 1965'' and substituting ``chapter 67 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (2) Section 13(d) of the Portal-to-Portal Act of 1947 (29 
     U.S.C. 262(d)) is amended by striking ``The term `Wash-Healey 
     Act' means the Act entitled `An Act to provide conditions for 
     the purchase of supplies and the making of contracts by the 
     United States, and for other purposes', approved June 30, 
     1936 (49 Stat. 2036), as amended'' and substituting ``The 
     term `Walsh-Healey Act' means chapter 65 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (3) Section 4(b)(2) of the Occupational Safety and Health 
     Act of 1970 (29 U.S.C. 653(b)(2)) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``the Act of June 30, 1936, commonly known 
     as the Walsh-Healey Act (41 U.S.C. 35 et seq.), the Service 
     Contract Act of 1965 (41 U.S.C. 351 et seq.)'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 65 of title 41, United States Code, 
     chapter 67 of title 41, United States Code''; and
       (B) by inserting ``chapters or'' after ``such other''.
       (4) Section 22(e)(7) of the Occupational Safety and Health 
     Act of 1970 (29 U.S.C. 671(e)(7)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (41 U.S.C. 
     5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.

     SEC. 24. TITLE 30, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 2 of the Act of February 25, 1919 (ch. 23, 30 
     U.S.C. 4) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code,''.
       (2) Section 6(b) of the Act of August 31, 1954 (ch. 1156, 
     30 U.S.C. 556(b)) is amended by striking ``section 3709, 
     Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C., sec. 5)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (3) Section 206 of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act 
     of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 846) is amended by striking ``the Walsh-
     Healey Public Contracts Act, as amended'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 65 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (4) Section 101(c)(2) of the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty 
     Management Act of 1982 (30 U.S.C. 1711(c)(2)) is amended by 
     striking ``Federal Property and Administrative Services Act 
     of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 252)'' and substituting ``provisions 
     referred to in section 171(b) and (c) of title 41, United 
     States Code''.

     SEC. 25. TITLE 31, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 743(i) of the Financial Services and General 
     Government Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111-117, 
     division C, 31 U.S.C. 501 note) is amended by striking 
     ``section 4 of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act 
     (41 U.S.C. 403)'' and substituting ``section 133 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (2) Section 326 of the National Defense Authorization Act 
     for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111-84, 31 U.S.C. 501 note) 
     is amended by striking ``section 303B(f) of the Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 
     253b(f))'' and substituting ``section 3705 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (3) Section 321(a) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense 
     Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110-417, 
     31 U.S.C. 501 note) is amended by striking ``section 16A of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     414b)'' and substituting ``subchapter II of chapter 13 of 
     title 41, United States Code,''.
       (4) Section 739(a)(2)(C) of the Financial Services and 
     General Government Appropriations Act, 2008 (Public Law 110-
     161, division D, 31 U.S.C. 501 note) is amended--
       (A) in clause (i), by striking ``section 2 of the Javits-
     Wagner-O'Day Act (41 U.S.C. 47)'' and substituting ``section 
     8503 of title 41, United States Code''; and
       (B) in clause (ii), by striking ``that Act'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 85 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (5) Section 647(f) of the Transportation, Treasury, and 
     Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2004 (Public Law 
     108-199, division F, 31 U.S.C. 501 note) is amended by 
     striking ``section 4 of the Office of Federal Procurement 
     Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403)'' and substituting ``section 133 
     of title 41, United States Code''.
       (6) Section 1501(d) of the Legislative Branch 
     Appropriations Act, 2008 (Public Law 110-161, div. H, 31 
     U.S.C. 702 note) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``The Contract Disputes Act of 1978 (Public 
     Law 95-563, 41 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), as amended'' and 
     substituting ``Chapter 71 of title 41, United States Code'';
       (B) by striking ``section 4, subsections 8(a), (b), and 
     (c), and subsection 10(a)'' and substituting ``sections 
     7102(d), 7104(b), and 7105(a), (c), (d), and (e)(1)(C) of 
     title 41, United States Code,'';
       (C) by striking ``subsection 6(c)'' and substituting 
     ``subsections (b) and (f) of section 7103 of title 41, United 
     States Code,''; and
       (D) by striking ``the Contract Disputes Act of 1978'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 71 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (7) Section 781(c)(1) of title 31, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (8) Section 1(17) of Public Law 107-74 (31 U.S.C. 1113 
     note) is amended by striking ``Section 303(c)(7) of the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 
     U.S.C. 253(c)(7))'' and substituting ``Section 3304(a)(7) of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (9) Section 1031(13) of the National Defense Authorization 
     Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106-65, 31 U.S.C. 1113 
     note) is amended by striking ``Section 3732 of the Revised 
     Statutes, popularly known as the `Food and Forage Act' (41 
     U.S.C. 11)'' and substituting ``Section 6301(a) and (b) of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (10) Section 865(d)(1) of the Duncan Hunter National 
     Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 
     110-417, 31 U.S.C.

[[Page H6227]]

     1535 note) is amended by striking ``section 4(1) of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403(1))'' 
     and substituting ``section 133 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (11) Section 3718(b)(1)(A) of title 31, United States Code, 
     is amended by striking ``division C (except sections 3302, 
     3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of subtitle I'' and 
     substituting ``the provisions referred to in section 
     171(c)''.
       (12) Section 11 of the Prompt Payment Act Amendments of 
     1988 (Public Law 100-496, 31 U.S.C. 3903 note) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (b)(1)(C), by striking ``section 
     303(g)(2) of the Federal Property and Administrative Services 
     Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 253(g)(2))'' and substituting 
     ``section 3305(b) of title 41, United States Code''; and
       (B) in subsection (c), by striking ``section 22 of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 418b)'' 
     and substituting ``section 1707 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.
       (13) Section 5114(a)(3) of title 31, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``title III of the Act of March 3, 1933 
     (41 U.S.C. 10a et seq.; commonly referred to as the Buy 
     American Act)'' and substituting ``chapter 83 of title 41''.
       (14) Section 2(b)(1) of the Federal Funding Accountability 
     and Transparency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109-282, 31 U.S.C. 
     6101 note) is amended by striking ``Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403 et seq.)'' and 
     substituting ``provisions referred to in section 172(b) of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (15) Section 2455(c)(1) of the Federal Acquisition 
     Streamlining Act of 1994 (Public Law 103-355, 31 U.S.C. 6101 
     note) is amended by striking ``section 35(c) of the Office of 
     Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 431(c))'' and 
     substituting ``section 104 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (16) Section 9705(b)(3) of title 31, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) by striking ``division C (except sections 3302, 
     3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of subtitle I'' and 
     substituting ``the provisions referred to in section 
     171(c)''; and
       (B) by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101''.

     SEC. 26. TITLE 33, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 108(a) of the River and Harbor Act of 1960 (33 
     U.S.C. 578(a)) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property 
     and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (63 Stat. 377), as 
     amended'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United 
     States Code''.
       (2) Section 14 of the Act of May 15, 1928 (ch. 569, 33 
     U.S.C. 702m) (known as the Flood Control Act of 1928) is 
     amended by striking ``section 3741 of the Revised Statutes 
     being section 22 of title 41 of the United States Code'' and 
     substituting ``section 6306(a) of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.
       (3) Section 606(a)(1) of the NOAA Fleet Modernization Act 
     (33 U.S.C. 891d(a)(1)) is amended by striking ``United States 
     Code and section 3732 of the Revised Statutes of the United 
     States (41 U.S.C. 11)'' and substituting ``United States 
     Code, and section 6301(a) and (b) of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (4) Section 41(b)(5) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers' 
     Compensation Act (33 U.S.C. 941(b)(5)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 5 of the Act of June 30, 1936 (ch. 881, 49 Stat. 
     2036), as amended'' and substituting ``section 6507(b) 
     through (f) of title 41, United States Code''.
       (5) Section 204(c)(4)(D) of the National Sea Grant College 
     Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1123(c)(4)(D)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 5 of title 41'' and substituting ``section 6101 of 
     title 41''.
       (6) Section 104 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act 
     (33 U.S.C. 1254) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ``sections 3648 and 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes (31 U.S.C. 529; 41 U.S.C. 5)'' 
     and substituting ``section 3324(a) and (b) of title 31, 
     United States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''; and
       (B) in subsection (g)(3)(A), by striking ``sections 3648 
     and 3709 of the Revised Statutes'' and substituting ``section 
     3324(a) and (b) of title 31, United States Code, and section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.

     SEC. 27. TITLE 35, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 10102 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act 
     of 1990 (Public Law 101-508, 35 U.S.C. 1 note) is amended by 
     striking ``Federal Property and Administrative Services Act 
     of 1949 and the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act'' 
     and substituting ``provisions referred to in sections 171(b) 
     and (c) and 172(b) of title 41, United States Code''.
       (2) Section 2(b)(4)(A) of title 35, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``division C (except sections 3302, 
     3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of subtitle I'' and 
     substituting ``the provisions referred to in section 
     171(c)''.

     SEC. 28. TITLE 38, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 1966(a) of title 38, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (2) Section 2412(c)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes 
     (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 
     41''.
       (3) Section 3720(b) of title 38, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``division C (except sections 3302, 
     3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of subtitle I'' and 
     substituting ``the provisions referred to in section 
     171(c)''.
       (4) Section 7317(f) of title 38, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (5) Section 7802(f) of title 38, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (6) Section 8122(a)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (7) Section 8201(e) of title 38, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.

     SEC. 29. TITLE 40, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Effective January 4, 2011, section 5(l)(23) of Public 
     Law 111-350 (124 Stat. 3852) is amended by striking 
     ``Statutes'' and substituting ``Statues''.
       (2) The item relating to section 111 in the analysis for 
     chapter 1 of subtitle I of title 40, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``division C (except sections 3302, 
     3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of subtitle I'' and 
     substituting ``the provisions referred to in section 
     171(c)''.
       (3) The matter before paragraph (1) in section 102 of title 
     40, United States Code, is amended by striking ``and in 
     division C (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, 
     and 4711) of subtitle I of title 41''.
       (4) Section 111 of title 40, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in the heading, by striking ``division C (except 
     sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of 
     subtitle I'' and substituting ``the provisions referred to in 
     section 171(c)''; and
       (B) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking 
     ``division C (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 
     4710, and 4711) of subtitle I'' and substituting ``the 
     provisions referred to in section 171(c)''.
       (5) Section 113(b) of title 40, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in the heading, by striking ``Division B (Except 
     Sections 1704 and 2303) of Subtitle I'' and substituting 
     ``the Provisions Referred to in Section 172(b)''; and
       (B) by striking ``division B (Except Sections 1704 and 
     2303) of subtitle I'' and substituting ``the provisions 
     referred to in section 172(b)''.
       (6) Section 311 of title 40, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (a), by striking ``division C (except 
     sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of 
     subtitle I'' and substituting ``the provisions referred to in 
     section 171(c)''; and
       (B) in subsection (b), by striking ``division C (except 
     sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of 
     subtitle I'' and substituting ``the provisions referred to in 
     section 171(c)''.
       (7) Section 501(b)(2)(B) of title 40, United States Code, 
     is amended by striking ``division B (except sections 1704 and 
     2303 of subtitle I'' and substituting ``the provisions 
     referred to in section 172(b)''.
       (8) Section 503(b) of title 40, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ``division B (except 
     sections 1704 and 2303) of subtitle I'' and substituting 
     ``the provisions referred to in section 172(b)''; and
       (B) in paragraph (3)--
       (i) in the heading, by striking ``Section 6101(b) to (d)'' 
     and substituting ``Section 6101''; and
       (ii) by striking ``Section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``Section 6101''.
       (9) Section 506(a)(1)(D) of title 40, United States Code, 
     is amended by striking ``division B (except sections 1704 and 
     2303) of subtitle I'' and substituting ``the provisions 
     referred to in section 172(b)''.
       (10) Section 545(f) of title 40, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Section 6101(b)-(d)'' and substituting 
     ``Section 6101''.
       (11) Section 1427(b) of the Services Acquisition Reform Act 
     of 2003 (Public Law 108-136, div. A, title XIV, 40 U.S.C. 
     1103 note) is amended by striking ``sections 303H and 303I of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (41 U.S.C. 253h and 253i)'' and substituting ``sections 4103 
     and 4105 of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (12) Section 1305 of title 40, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``this subtitle and division C (except 
     sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of 
     subtitle I of title 41'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of this 
     title''.
       (13) Section 1308 of title 40, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``division C (except sections 3302, 
     3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of subtitle I'' and 
     substituting ``the provisions referred to in section 
     171(c)''.
       (14) Section 3148 of title 40, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (15) Section 3304(d)(2) of title 40, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``division C (except sections 3302, 
     3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of subtitle I'' and 
     substituting ``the provisions referred to in section 
     171(c)''.
       (16) Section 3305(a) of title 40, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ``subtitle I of this 
     title and division C (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 
     3906, 4710, and 4711) of subtitle I of title 41'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of this title''; and
       (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ``subtitle I of this 
     title and division C (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 
     3906, 4710, and 4711) of subtitle I of title 41'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of this title''.
       (17) Section 3308(a) of title 40, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (18) Section 3313(i) of title 40, United States Code, is 
     amended--

[[Page H6228]]

       (A) in the heading, by striking ``Buy American Act'' and 
     substituting ``Chapter 83 of Title 41''; and
       (B) by striking ``the Buy American Act (41 U.S.C. 10c et 
     seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 83 of title 41''.
       (19) Section 6111(b)(2)(D) of title 40, United States Code, 
     is amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (20) Section 8711(d) of title 40, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (21) Section 813 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense 
     Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106-398, 
     Sec. 1 [div. A], title VIII, 40 U.S.C. 11302 note) is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (a), by striking ``sections 6 and 25 of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 405 
     and 421)'' and substituting ``sections 1121 and 1303 of title 
     41, United States Code,''; and
       (B) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ``section 4(1) of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403(1))'' 
     and substituting ``section 133 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.

     SEC. 30. TITLE 41, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Effective January 4, 2011--
       (A) section 7(b) of Public Law 111-350 (124 Stat. 3855) is 
     amended, in the item relating to title III, Sec. 4 of the Act 
     of March 3, 1933 (ch. 212), temporarily renumbered Sec. 5 by 
     section 7002(1) of the Omnibus Trade and Competitiveness Act 
     of 1988 (Public Law 100-418, 102 Stat. 1545), by striking 
     ``10b-1'' and substituting ``10c note''; and
       (B) section 7(b) of Public Law 111-350 (124 Stat. 3855) is 
     repealed insofar as it relates to sections 1 and 16 of the 
     Contract Disputes Act of 1978 (Public Law 95-563, 41 U.S.C. 
     601 note), and those provisions are revived to read as if 
     section 7(b) of Public Law 111-350 had not been enacted.
       (2) Effective January 4, 2011--
       (A) subtitle III of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended by inserting after section 7109 the following:

``CHAPTER 73--FINALITY OF ADMINISTRATIVE DECISIONS IN DISPUTES ARISING 
               UNDER CONTRACTS NOT SUBJECT TO CHAPTER 71

``Sec.
``7301.  Definitions.
``7302.  Finality and conclusiveness of decisions.
``7303.  Limitation on pleading.
``7304.  Limitation on finality of decisions as to questions of law.

     ``Sec. 7301. Definitions

       ``In this chapter:
       ``(1) Covered contract.--The term ``covered contract'' 
     means a contract entered into by the United States that is 
     not subject to chapter 71 of this title.
       ``(2) Decisionmaker.--The term ``decisionmaker'' means the 
     head of a Federal agency, a representative of the head of the 
     agency, or a board that makes a decision in a dispute arising 
     under a covered contract,

     ``Sec. 7302. Finality and conclusiveness of decisions

       ``In a dispute arising under a covered contract, a decision 
     by a decisionmaker is final and conclusive unless it is 
     fraudulent, capricious, arbitrary, or so grossly erroneous as 
     to necessarily imply bad faith or is not supported by 
     substantial evidence.

     ``Sec. 7303. Limitation on pleading

       ``A provision of a covered contract relating to the 
     finality or conclusiveness of decisions by a decisionmaker 
     may not be pleaded in a civil action as limiting judicial 
     review to a case in which fraud by the decisionmaker is 
     alleged.

     ``Sec. 7304. Limitation on finality of decisions as to 
       questions of law

       ``A covered contract may not contain a provision making the 
     decision of a decisionmaker final as to questions of law.''; 
     and
       (B) the analysis for subtitle III of title 41, United 
     States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating 
     to chapter 71 the following:

   ``73. Finality of Administrative Decisions in Disputes 
           Arising Under Contracts Not Subject to Chapter 71..  7301''.
       (3) The analysis for chapter 1 of title 41, United States 
     Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to 
     section 153 the following:

``154.  Additional definitions.

 ``SUBCHAPTER IV--REFERENCES TO PROVISIONS FORMERLY CONTAINED IN OTHER 
                                  LAWS

``171.  References to provisions formerly contained in the Federal 
              Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949.
``172.  References to provisions formerly contained in the Office of 
              Federal Procurement Policy Act.''.
       (4) Chapter 1 of title 41, United States Code, is amended 
     by inserting after section 153 the following:

     ``Sec. 154. Additional definitions

       ``In the provisions referred to in section 171(c) of this 
     title, the terms `executive agency', `Federal agency', and 
     `property' have the meanings given those terms in section 102 
     of title 40.

 ``SUBCHAPTER IV--REFERENCES TO PROVISIONS FORMERLY CONTAINED IN OTHER 
                                  LAWS

     ``Sec. 171.  References to provisions formerly contained in 
       Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949

       ``(a) Translation of Obsolete References.--This section 
     provides a convenient form for references to provisions 
     formerly contained in the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949.
       ``(b) Provisions Formerly Contained in Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (Other Than Title III).--
     Provisions formerly contained in the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (other than title III) 
     are restated in chapters 1 through 11 of title 40.
       ``(c) Provisions Formerly Contained in Title III of Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949.--Provisions 
     formerly contained in title III of the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 are restated in the 
     following provisions of this title:
       ``(1) Sections 102, 103, 105 through 116, and 151 through 
     153.
       ``(2) Chapter 31.
       ``(3) Sections 3301, 3303 through 3305, 3306(a) through 
     (e), 3307(a) through (d), and 3308 through 3311.
       ``(4) Sections 3501(a) and 3502 through 3508.
       ``(5) Chapter 37.
       ``(6) Sections 3901 through 3903 and 3905.
       ``(7) Sections 4101, 4103, 4105, and 4106.
       ``(8) Chapter 43.
       ``(9) Chapter 45.
       ``(10) Sections 4701 through 4706 and 4709.

     ``Sec. 172.  References to provisions formerly contained in 
       the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act

       ``(a) Translation of Obsolete References.--This section 
     provides a convenient form for references to provisions 
     formerly contained in the Office of Federal Procurement 
     Policy Act.
       ``(b) Provisions Formerly Contained in Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act.--Provisions formerly contained in the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act are restated in the 
     following provisions of this title:
       ``(1) Sections 102 through 105, 107 through 116, and 131 
     through 134.
       ``(2) Sections 1101, 1102, 1121(a) through (c)(1) and 
     (c)(3) through (f), 1122, 1124 through 1127, 1130, and 1131.
       ``(3) Chapter 13.
       ``(4) Chapter 15.
       ``(5) Sections 1701, 1702, 1703(a) through (h), (i)(2) 
     through (8), and (k), 1705, and 1707 through 1712.
       ``(6) Sections 1901 through 1903, 1905 through 1907, and 
     1908(b)(1) and (2), (c)(1) and (2), and (d) through (f).
       ``(7) Chapter 21.
       ``(8) Sections 2301, 2302, 2305 through 2310, and 2312.''.
       (5) Section 502 of the Departments of Labor, Health and 
     Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies 
     Appropriations Act, 1993 (Public Law 102-394, 41 U.S.C. 1101 
     note) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``as referred to in the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 401 et seq.)'' and 
     substituting ``as defined in section 133 of title 41, United 
     States Code''; and
       (B) by striking ``such Act'' and substituting ``the 
     provisions referred to in section 172(b) of title 41, United 
     States Code,''.
       (6) Section 414(a) of the Small Business Reauthorization 
     Act of 1997 (Public Law 105-135, 41 U.S.C. 1122 note) is 
     amended by striking ``section 6(d)(4)(A) of the Office of 
     Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 405(d)(4)(A))'' and 
     substituting ``section 1122(a)(4)(A) of title 41, United 
     States Code,''.
       (7) Section 10004 of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining 
     Act of 1994 (Public Law 103-355, 41 U.S.C. 1122 note) is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (a), by striking ``section 6(d)(4)(A) of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     405(d)(4)(A))'' and substituting ``section 1122(a)(4)(A) of 
     title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (B) in subsection (b), by striking ``section 4(11) of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     403(11))'' and substituting ``section 134 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (8) Section 808(g) of the National Defense Authorization 
     Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105-85, 41 U.S.C. 1127 
     note) is amended--
       (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ``section 306(l) of the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 
     U.S.C. 256(l))'' and substituting ``section 4301 of title 41, 
     United States Code''; and
       (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ``section 306(m) of the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949'' 
     and substituting ``section 4301 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (9) Section 1302(b)(1)(C) of title 41, United States Code, 
     is amended by striking ``the Administrator of National 
     Aeronautics and Space'' and substituting ``the Administrator 
     of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration''.
       (10) Section 1303(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) by striking ``the Administrator of National Aeronautics 
     and Space'' and substituting ``the Administrator of the 
     National Aeronautics and Space Administration''; and
       (B) by striking ``the National Aeronautics and Space Act of 
     1958 (42 U.S.C. 2451 et seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 
     201 of title 51''.
       (11) Section 802 of the National Defense Authorization Act 
     for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106-65, 41 U.S.C. 1502 note) 
     is amended--
       (A) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ``section 26(f) of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     422(f))'' and substituting ``section 1502(a) and (b) of title 
     41, United States Code,'';

[[Page H6229]]

       (B) in subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii), by striking ``section 26 
     of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 15 of title 41, United States Code,'';
       (C) by repealing subsection (g);
       (D) in subsection (h), by striking ``section 26(f) of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 422(f))'' 
     and substituting ``section 1502(a) and (b) of title 41, 
     United States Code,''; and
       (E) in subsection (i)(2), by striking ``section 26(f) of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     422(f))'' and substituting ``section 1502(a) and (b) of title 
     41, United States Code''.
       (12) Section 1703(i) of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in paragraph (5), by adding at the end ``Amounts 
     transferred under this paragraph shall be in addition to 
     other amounts authorized for the Defense Acquisition 
     University.''; and
       (B) in paragraph (6), by striking ``Procurememt'' and 
     substituting ``Procurement''.
       (13) Section 5051(c)(2)(A) of the Federal Acquisition 
     Streamlining Act of 1994 (Public Law 103-355, 41 U.S.C. 1703 
     note) is amended by striking ``section 313(b) of the Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949, as added by 
     subsection (a)'' and substituting ``section 3103(b) of title 
     41, United States Code''.
       (14) Section 6002(b) of the Federal Acquisition 
     Streamlining Act of 1994 (Public Law 103-355, 41 U.S.C. 1709 
     note) is amended by striking ``section 25(a) of the Office of 
     Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 421(a))'' and 
     substituting ``section 1302(a) of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.
       (15) Section 1332 of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 
     (Public Law 111-240, 41 U.S.C. 1902 note) is amended by 
     striking ``section 32 of the Office of Federal Procurement 
     Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 428)'' and substituting ``section 1902 
     of title 41, United States Code''.
       (16) Section 2313(e)(1) of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended to read as follows:
       ``(1) Availability--
       ``(A) To government officials.--The Administrator of 
     General Services shall ensure that the information in the 
     database is available to appropriate acquisition officials of 
     Federal agencies, other government officials as the 
     Administrator of General Services determines appropriate, 
     and, on request, the Chairman and Ranking Member of the 
     committees of Congress having jurisdiction.
       ``(B) To the public.--The Administrator of General Services 
     shall post the information in the database, excluding past 
     performance reviews, on a publicly available website.''.
       (17) The analysis for chapter 31 of title 41, United States 
     Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 
     3103 and substituting the following:

``3103.  Goals for major acquisition programs.''.
       (18) Section 3103 of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended in the heading by striking ``Acquisition programs'' 
     and substituting ``Goals for major acquisition programs''.
       (19) Section 317(b)(3)(B) of the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (ch. 288, 41 U.S.C. note 
     prec. 3901) is amended by striking ``this chapter applies'' 
     and substituting ``the provisions referred to in section 
     171(c) of title 41, United States Code, apply''.
       (20) Section 2192(b)(2) of the Federal Acquisition 
     Streamlining Act of 1994 (Public Law 103-355, 41 U.S.C. 4304 
     note) is amended by striking ``section 306(l) of the Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (as added by 
     section 2151)'' and substituting ``section 4301 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (21) Section 6503(b) of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended to read as follows:
       ``(b) Liquidated Damages.--In addition to damages for any 
     other breach of the contract, the party responsible for a 
     breach or violation described in subsection (a) is liable to 
     the Federal Government for the following liquidated damages:
       ``(1) An amount equal to the sum of $10 per day for each 
     individual under 16 years of age knowingly employed in the 
     performance of the contract.
       ``(2) An amount equal to the sum of $10 per day for each 
     incarcerated individual knowingly employed in the performance 
     of the contract.
       ``(3) An amount equal to the sum of wage underpayments due 
     employees engaged in the performance of the contract, 
     including any underpayments arising from deductions, rebates, 
     or refunds.''.
       (22) Section 6504 of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (a)--
       (i) by striking ``each agency'' and substituting ``all 
     agencies''; and
       (ii) by inserting ``or firms'' after ``persons''; and
       (B) in subsection (b), by striking ``described in section 
     6502 of this title''.
       (23) Section 6506(b) of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) by inserting ``rules and'' before ``regulations''; and
       (B) by inserting ``may be'' before ``necessary''.
       (24) Section 6507 of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (b), by striking ``included in a 
     contract'' and substituting ``included in a proposal or 
     contract''; and
       (B) in subsection (d), by striking ``an impartial'' and 
     substituting ``a''.
       (25) Section 6508 of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (a), by striking ``an agency'' and 
     substituting ``the contracting agency'';
       (B) in subsection (b), by striking ``an agency'' and 
     substituting ``the contracting agency''; and
       (C) in subsection (c), by inserting ``rules and'' before 
     ``regulations''.
       (26) Section 6701(3)(A) of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended by inserting ``or the District of Columbia'' after 
     ``Federal Government''.
       (27) Section 6702(a) of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ``and'' after 
     ``Columbia;'';
       (B) by striking paragraph (2); and
       (C) by renumbering paragraph (3) as paragraph (2).
       (28) Section 6703 of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended as follows:
       (A) The matter before paragraph (1) is amended to read as 
     follows:
       ``A contract, and bid specification for a contract, that 
     involves an amount exceeding $2,500 and that is subject to 
     this chapter under section 6702 of this title shall contain 
     the following terms:''.
       (B) Paragraph (1) is amended by striking ``each class of 
     service employee'' and substituting ``the various classes of 
     service employees''.
       (C) Paragraph (2) is amended--
       (i) by striking ``each class of service employee'' and 
     substituting ``the various classes of service employees''; 
     and
       (ii) by inserting ``rules and'' before ``regulations''.
       (D) Paragraph (5) is amended by striking ``each class of 
     service employee'' and substituting ``the various classes of 
     service employees''.
       (29) Section 6705 of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ``The total amount'' 
     and substituting ``An amount'';
       (B) in subsection (b)(2)--
       (i) by striking ``a service employee'' and substituting 
     ``all service employees''; and
       (ii) by striking ``underpaid employee'' and substituting 
     ``underpaid employees''; and
       (C) in subsection (d)--
       (i) by inserting ``rules and'' before ``regulations''; and
       (ii) by striking ``a Federal agency'' and substituting 
     ``the Federal agency''.
       (30) Section 6706(b) of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``a hearing examiner'' and substituting 
     ``an administrative law judge''.
       (31) Section 6707 of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (a)--
       (i) by striking ``6507'' and substituting ``6507(b) through 
     (f)''; and
       (ii) by inserting ``rules and'' before ``regulations'';
       (B) in subsection (b), by inserting ``rules and'' before 
     ``regulations'';
       (C) in subsection (c)--
       (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ``the wages and fringe 
     benefits the service employee would have received under the 
     predecessor contract, including accrued wages and fringe 
     benefits and any prospective increases in wages and fringe 
     benefits provided for in a collective-bargaining agreement as 
     a result of arm's-length negotiations'' and substituting 
     ``the wages and fringe benefits provided for in a collective-
     bargaining agreement as a result of arm's-length negotiations 
     to which the service employees would have been entitled if 
     they were employed under the predecessor contract, including 
     accrued wages and fringe benefits and any prospective 
     increases in wages and fringe benefits provided for in the 
     collective-bargaining agreement''; and
       (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ``under the predecessor 
     contract'' and substituting ``established under the 
     predecessor contract through collective bargaining''; and
       (D) in subsection (d), by striking ``each class of service 
     employee'' and substituting ``the various classes of service 
     employees''.
       (32) Section 7105 of title 41, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (b)(4)(A), by striking ``subsection 
     (e)(1)(B)'' and substituting ``subparagraphs (B) and (D) of 
     subsection (e)(1)''; and
       (B) in subsection (e)(1)--
       (i) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E); 
     and
       (ii) by adding after subparagraph (C) the following:
       ``(D) Central intelligence agency contracts.--
       ``(i) Definition.--In this subparagraph, the term 
     ``specified board'' means the Armed Services Board or the 
     Civilian Board, whichever is specified by a contracting 
     officer of the Central Intelligence Agency to hear an appeal 
     from a decision being made by the contracting officer.
       ``(ii) Appeal and jurisdiction.--An appeal from a decision 
     of a contracting officer of the Central Intelligence Agency, 
     relating to a contract made by the Central Intelligence 
     Agency, may be filed with the specified board, and the 
     specified board has jurisdiction to decide that appeal.''.
       (33) Section 508 of the Energy and Water Development 
     Appropriations Act, 1989 (Public Law 100-371, 41 U.S.C. 8301 
     note) is amended--
       (A) in the heading, by striking ``BUY AMERICAN ACT'' and 
     substituting ``CHAPTER 83 OF TITLE 41, UNITED STATES CODE,''; 
     and

[[Page H6230]]

       (B) in subsection (a), by striking ``title III of the Act 
     of March 3, 1933 (47 Stat. 1520; 41 U.S.C. 10a-10c), commonly 
     known as the Buy American Act'' and substituting ``chapter 83 
     of title 41, United States Code''.
       (34) Section 856(a) of the John Warner National Defense 
     Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109-364, 
     41 U.S.C. 8501 note) is amended--
       (A) in paragraph (1)--
       (i) in the heading, by striking ``javits-wagner-o'day act'' 
     and substituting ``chapter 85 of title 41, united states 
     code''; and
       (ii) by striking ``section 2 of the Javits-Wagner-O'Day Act 
     (41 U.S.C. 47)'' and substituting ``section 8503 of title 41, 
     United States Code''; and
       (B) in paragraph (2)--
       (i) in the heading, by striking ``the javits-wagner-o'day 
     act'' and substituting ``chapter 85 of title 41, united 
     states code,'';
       (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``The Javits-Wagner-
     O'Day Act (41 U.S.C. 46 et seq.)'' and substituting ``Chapter 
     85 of title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``The Javits-Wagner-
     O'Day Act'' and substituting ``Chapter 85 of title 41, United 
     States Code,''.
       (35) Section 848(b) of the National Defense Authorization 
     Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109-163, 41 U.S.C. 8501 
     note) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``the Javits-Wagner-O'Day Act (41 U.S.C. 
     48)'' and substituting ``chapter 85 of title 41, United 
     States Code,'';
       (B) by striking ``those Acts'' and substituting ``the 
     Randolph-Sheppard Act and chapter 85 of title 41, United 
     States Code,''; and
       (C) by striking ``each Act'' and substituting ``the 
     Randolph-Sheppard Act or chapter 85 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.

     SEC. 31. TITLE 42, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 244(b)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 238m(b)(1)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of 
     the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (2) Section 306(f) of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 242k(f)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (3) Section 308(f) of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 242m(f)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (4) Section 319F-1(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 247d-6a(b)) is amended--
       (A) in paragraph (1)--
       (i) in subparagraph (A)--
       (I) in the matter before clause (i), by striking ``section 
     4(11) of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 
     U.S.C. 403(11))'' and substituting ``section 134 of title 41, 
     United States Code'';
       (II) in the matter before clause (i), by striking ``section 
     302A(a) of the Federal Property and Administrative Services 
     Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 252a(a))'' and substituting ``section 
     3101(b)(1)(A) of title 41, United States Code'';
       (III) in clause (i), by striking ``section 303(g)(1)(A) of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (41 U.S.C. 253(g)(1)(A))'' and substituting ``section 
     3305(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (IV) in clause (ii), by striking ``section 302A(b) of such 
     Act (41 U.S.C. 252a(b))'' and substituting ``section 
     3101(b)(1)(B) of title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (ii) in subparagraph (B)--
       (I) in clause (ii), by striking ``Subsections (a) and (b) 
     of section 7 of the Anti-Kickback Act of 1986 (41 U.S.C. 
     57(a) and (b))'' and substituting ``Section 8703(a) of title 
     41, United States Code'';
       (II) in clause (iii), by striking ``Section 304C of the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 
     U.S.C. 254d)'' and substituting ``Section 4706 of title 41, 
     United States Code''; and
       (III) in clause (v), by striking ``Subsection (a) of 
     section 304 of the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 254(a))'' and substituting 
     ``Section 3901 of title 41, United States Code'';
       (B) in paragraph (2)--
       (i) in subparagraph (A)--
       (I) by striking ``section 303(c)(1) of title III of the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 
     U.S.C. 253(c)(1))'' and substituting ``section 3304(a)(1) of 
     title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (II) by striking ``such section 303(c)(1)'' and 
     substituting ``such section 3304(a)(1)''; and
       (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ``such section 
     303(c)(1)'' and substituting ``such section 3304(a)(1)''; and
       (C) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ``subsections (c), 
     (d), and (f) of section 32 of the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 428)'' and substituting 
     ``section 1902(a), (d), and (e) of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.
       (5) Section 319F-2(c)(7)(B) of the Public Health Service 
     Act (42 U.S.C. 247d-6b(c)(7)(B)) is amended--
       (A) in clause (ii)(VII), by striking ``section 303(c)(1) of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (41 U.S.C. 253(c)(1))'' and substituting ``section 3304(a)(1) 
     of title 41, United States Code'';
       (B) in clause (iii)(I)--
       (i) in the matter before item (aa), by striking ``section 
     4(11) of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 
     U.S.C. 403(11))'' and substituting ``section 134 of title 41, 
     United States Code'';
       (ii) in the matter before item (aa), by striking ``section 
     302A(a) of the Federal Property and Administrative Services 
     Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 252a(a))'' and substituting ``section 
     3101(b)(1)(A) of title 41, United States Code'';
       (iii) in item (aa), by striking ``section 303(g)(1)(A) of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (41 U.S.C. 253(g)(1)(A))'' and substituting ``section 
     3305(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (iv) in item (bb), by striking ``section 302A(b) of such 
     Act (41 U.S.C. 252a(b))'' and substituting ``section 
     3101(b)(1)(B) of title 41, United States Code,'';
       (C) in clause (iii)(II)--
       (i) in item (bb), by striking ``Subsections (a) and (b) of 
     section 7 of the Anti-Kickback Act of 1986 (41 U.S.C. 57(a) 
     and (b))'' and substituting ``Section 8703(a) of title 41, 
     United States Code'';
       (ii) in item (cc), by striking ``Section 304C of the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 
     U.S.C. 254d)'' and substituting ``Section 4706 of title 41, 
     United States Code''; and
       (iii) in item (ee), by striking ``Subsection (a) of section 
     304 of the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act 
     of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 254(a))'' and substituting ``Section 3901 
     of title 41, United States Code'';
       (D) in clause (iv)--
       (i) in subclause (I)--
       (I) by striking ``section 303(c)(1) of title III of the 
     Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 
     U.S.C. 253(c)(1))'' and substituting ``section 3304(a)(1) of 
     title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (II) by striking ``such section 303(c)(1)'' and 
     substituting ``such section 3304(a)(1)''; and
       (ii) in subclause (III), by striking ``such section 
     303(c)(1)'' and substituting ``such section 3304(a)(1)''; and
       (E) in clause (vii), by striking ``section 303A(a)(1)(B) of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (41 U.S.C. 253a(a)(1)(B))'' and substituting ``section 
     3306(a)(1)(B) of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (6) Section 319L(c)(5) of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 247d-7e(c)(5)) is amended--
       (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes of the United States (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''; and
       (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking ``section 303(c)(3) of 
     the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 
     (41 U.S.C. 253(c)(3))'' and substituting ``section 3304(a)(3) 
     of title 41, United States Code''.
       (7) Section 413(b)(8) of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 285a-2(b)(8)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of 
     the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (8) Section 421(b)(3) of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 285b-3(b)(3)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of 
     the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (9) Section 464H(b)(9) of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 285n(b)(9)) is amended by striking ``sections 3648 and 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes (31 U.S.C. 529; 41 U.S.C. 5)'' 
     and substituting ``section 3324(a) and (b) of title 31, 
     United States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (10) Section 494(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 289c(2)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (11) Section 496(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 289e(a)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (12) Section 504 of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 290aa-3) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (a), by striking ``section 4(11) of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act'' and substituting 
     ``section 134 of title 41, United States Code''; and
       (B) in subsection (c), by striking ``section 4(11) of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act'' and substituting 
     ``section 134 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (13) Section 5101(f)(3) of the Patient Protection and 
     Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 294q(f)(3)) is amended by 
     striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 
     5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (14) Section 945(d) of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 299c-4(d)) is amended by striking ``sections 3648 and 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes (31 U.S.C. 529 and 41 U.S.C. 
     5)'' and substituting ``section 3324(a) and (b) of title 31, 
     United States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (15) Section 1132(d) of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 300c-22(d)) is amended by striking ``section 3648 and 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes (31 U.S.C. 529; 41 U.S.C. 5)'' 
     and substituting ``section 3324(a) and (b) of title 31, 
     United States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (16) Section 1701(c) of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 300u(c)) is amended by striking ``sections 3648 and 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes (31 U.S.C. 529; 41 U.S.C. 5)'' 
     and substituting ``section 3324(a) and (b) of title 31, 
     United States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (17) Section 2354(a)(6) of the Public Health Service Act 
     (42 U.S.C. 300cc-41(a)(6)) is amended by striking ``section 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.

[[Page H6231]]

       (18) Section 1805(d)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 
     U.S.C. 1395b-6(d)(3)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 
     of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (19) Section 1860D-11(g)(1)(B)(iii) of the Social Security 
     Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w-111(g)(1)(B)(iii)) is amended by 
     striking ``section 4(5) of the Office of Federal Procurement 
     Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403(5))'' and substituting ``section 
     132 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (20) Section 1866B(b)(4)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 
     U.S.C. 1395cc-2(b)(4)(B)) is amended by striking ``section 
     5'' and substituting ``section 6101''.
       (21) Section 1874A(b)(1)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 
     U.S.C. 1395kk-1(b)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ``section 
     5'' and substituting ``section 6101''.
       (22) Section 1890(a)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 
     U.S.C. 1395aaa(a)(4)) is amended by striking ``section 4(5) 
     of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     403(5))'' and substituting ``section 132 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (23) Section 1900(d)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 
     U.S.C. 1396(d)(3)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of 
     the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (24) Section 1902(a)(4)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 
     U.S.C. 1396a(a)(4)(D)) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``section 27 of the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 423)'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 21 of title 41, United States Code,''; and
       (B) by striking ``subsection (a)(2) of such section of that 
     Act'' and substituting ``section 2102(a)(3) of such title''.
       (25) Section 1932(d)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 
     U.S.C. 1396u-2(d)(3)) is amended by striking ``section 27 of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     423)'' and substituting ``chapter 21 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (26) Section 510(a) of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 
     1480(a)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised 
     Statutes, as amended'' and substituting ``section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (27) Section 302(b) of the Defense Housing and Community 
     Facilities and Services Act of 1951 (42 U.S.C. 1592a(b)) is 
     amended by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and substituting ``chapter 
     5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (28) Section 305(a) of the Defense Housing and Community 
     Facilities and Services Act of 1951 (42 U.S.C. 1592d(a)) is 
     amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes, 
     as amended, section 322 of the Act of June 30, 1932 (47 Stat. 
     412), as amended, the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and substituting ``the 
     provisions referred to in section 171(b) and (c) of title 41, 
     United States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (29) Section 309(a) of the Defense Housing and Community 
     Facilities and Services Act of 1951 (42 U.S.C. 1592h(a)) is 
     amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes'' 
     and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (30) Section 4(a) of the Federal Food Donation Act of 2008 
     (42 U.S.C. 1792(a)) is amended by striking ``section 25 of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     421)'' and substituting ``section 1303 of title 41, United 
     States Code,''.
       (31) Section 11(c) of the National Science Foundation Act 
     of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1870(c)) is amended by striking ``section 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (32) Section 31 c. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 
     U.S.C. 2051(c)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes, as amended'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (33) Section 41 b. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 
     U.S.C. 2061(b)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes, as amended'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (34) Section 43 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 
     2063) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised 
     Statutes, as amended'' and substituting ``section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (35) Section 55 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 
     2075) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised 
     Statutes, as amended'' and substituting ``section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (36) Section 66 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 
     2096) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised 
     Statutes, as amended'' and substituting ``section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (37) Section 161 j. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 
     U.S.C. 2201(j)) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property 
     and Administrative Services Act of 1949, as amended, except 
     section 207 of that Act'' and substituting ``chapter 5 
     (except section 559) of title 40, United States Code''.
       (38) Section 170 g. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 
     U.S.C. 2210(g)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5), as amended'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (39) Section 6(e) of the EURATOM Cooperation Act of 1958 
     (42 U.S.C. 2295(e)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of 
     the Revised Statutes, as amended'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (40) Section 116 of the Atomic Energy Community Act of 1955 
     (42 U.S.C. 2310) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 
     41, United States Code,''.
       (41) Section 120 of the Atomic Energy Community Act of 1955 
     (42 U.S.C. 2349) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes, as amended'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (42) Section 62 d. of the Atomic Energy Community Act of 
     1955 (42 U.S.C. 2362(d)) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``provisions of section 3709 of the Revised 
     Statutes'' and substituting ``provisions of section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code''; and
       (B) by striking ``comply with section 3709 of the Revised 
     Statutes'' and substituting ``comply with section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code,''.
       (43) Section 601(c) of the Public Works and Economic 
     Development Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3211(c)) is amended by 
     striking ``Section 3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 
     5)'' and substituting ``Section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code,''.
       (44) Section 7(i)(1) of the Department of Housing and Urban 
     Development Act (42 U.S.C. 3535(i)(1)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (45) Section 1345(b) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 
     1968 (42 U.S.C. 4081(b)) is amended by striking ``section 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (46) Section 1346(c) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 
     1968 (42 U.S.C. 4082(c)) is amended by striking ``section 
     3709 of the Revised Statute (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (47) Section 1360(b) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 
     1968 (42 U.S.C. 4101(b)) is amended by striking ``section 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (48) The proviso under the heading ``science and 
     technology'' under the heading ``Environmental Protection 
     Agency'' in title III of the Departments of Veterans Affairs 
     and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies 
     Appropriations Act, 2003 (Public Law 108-7, div. K, 42 U.S.C. 
     4361c note) is amended by striking ``41 U.S.C. 5'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (49) Section 203(e) of the Environmental Quality 
     Improvement Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4372(e)) is amended by 
     striking ``sections 3648 and 3709 of the Revised Statutes (31 
     U.S.C. 529; 41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 3324(a) 
     and (b) of title 31, United States Code, and section 6101 of 
     title 41, United States Code,''.
       (50) Section 218 of the Uniform Relocation Assistance and 
     Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 
     4638) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949, as amended'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (51) Section 611(k) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster 
     Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5196(k)) is 
     amended by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 471 et seq.)'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (52) Section 306(a) of the Disaster Mitigation Act of 2000 
     (42 U.S.C. 5206(a)) is amended--
       (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ``Buy American 
     Act'' and substituting ``Chapter 83 of Title 41, United 
     States Code''; and
       (B) by striking ``the Buy American Act (41 U.S.C. 10a et 
     seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 83 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (53) Section 604(a)(2)(B) of the National Manufactured 
     Housing Construction and Safety Standards Act of 1974 (42 
     U.S.C. 5403(a)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ``section 4 of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act'' and 
     substituting ``section 132 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (54) Section 111(b) of Public Law 95-39 (42 U.S.C. 5903 
     note) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``$10,000'' and substituting ``$25,000''; 
     and
       (B) by striking ``, which are excepted from the 
     requirements of advertising by section 252(c)(3) of title 41, 
     United States Code,''.
       (55) Section 207(c)(3) of the Presidential Science and 
     Technology Advisory Organization Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 
     6616(c)(3)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 
     6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (56) Section 433(c) of the Energy Independence and Security 
     Act of 2007 (Public Law 110-140, 42 U.S.C. 6834 note) is 
     amended by striking ``section 25 of the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 421)'' and substituting 
     ``section 1302 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (57) The first proviso in the paragraph under the heading 
     ``energy information administration'' under the heading 
     ``DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY'' in title II of the Department of the 
     Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1996 
     (Public Law 104-134, title I, section 101(c), 42 U.S.C. 7135 
     note) is amended by striking ``section 4(d) of the Service 
     Contract Act of 1965 (41 U.S.C. 353(d))'' and substituting 
     ``section 6707(d) of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (58) Section 104(i) of the Alaska Power Administration 
     Asset Sale and Termination Act (Public Law 104-58, 42 U.S.C. 
     7152 note) is

[[Page H6232]]

     amended by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 484)'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code,''.
       (59) Section 103(b)(4) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 
     7403(b)(4)) is amended by striking ``sections 3648 and 3709 
     of the Revised Statutes (31 U.S.C. 529; 41 U.S.C. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 3324(a) and (b) of title 31, United 
     States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (60) Section 104(a)(2)(D) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 
     7404(a)(2)(D)) is amended by striking ``sections 3648 and 
     3709 of the Revised Statutes (31 U.S.C. 529; 41 U.S.C. 5)'' 
     and substituting ``section 3324(a) and (b) of title 31, 
     United States Code, and section 6101 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (61) Section 112(r)(6)(N) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 
     7412(r)(6)(N)) is amended by striking ``section 5'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (62) Section 801 of the National Energy Conservation Policy 
     Act (42 U.S.C. 8287) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (a)(2)(D)(iii), by striking ``section 25 
     of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     421)'' and substituting ``section 1303 of title 41, United 
     States Code,''; and
       (B) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by striking ``section 25(a) of 
     the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act'' and 
     substituting ``section 1302(a) of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (63) Section 119(c)(3) of the Comprehensive Environmental 
     Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 
     9619(c)(3)) is amended by striking ``section 3732 of the 
     Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 11)'' and substituting ``section 
     6301(a) and (b) of title 41 of the United States Code''.
       (64) Section 2(a) of Public Law 95-84 (42 U.S.C. 10301 
     note) is amended by striking ``41 U.S.C. 504 et seq. (the 
     Federal Grant and Cooperative Agreement Act of 1977; Public 
     Law 95-224)'' and substituting ``chapter 63 of title 31, 
     United States Code''.
       (65) Section 104(h)(1)(C) of the Water Resources Research 
     Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303(h)(1)(C)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.
       (66) Section 104(c)(3) of the Americans with Disabilities 
     Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12114(c)(3)) is amended by striking 
     ``the Drug-Free Workplace Act of 1988 (41 U.S.C. 701 et 
     seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 81 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (67) Section 501 of the National and Community Service 
     Trust Act of 1993 (Public Law 103-82, 42 U.S.C. 12501 note) 
     is amended--
       (A) in the heading, by striking ``BUY AMERICAN ACT'' and 
     substituting ``CHAPTER 83 OF TITLE 41, UNITED STATES CODE''; 
     and
       (B) by striking ``sections 2 through 4 of the Act of March 
     3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 10a-10c, popularly known as the `Buy 
     American Act')'' and substituting ``chapter 83 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (68) Section 184 of the National and Community Service Act 
     of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12644) is amended by striking ``sections 
     5153 through 5158 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988 (41 
     U.S.C. 702-707)'' and substituting ``sections 8101 and 8103 
     through 8106 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (69) Section 196(b) of the National and Community Service 
     Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12651g(b)) is amended by striking 
     ``Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949'' 
     and substituting ``provisions of section 171(b) and (c) of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (70) Section 3021(a) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 
     U.S.C. 13556(a)) is amended by striking ``Federal Property 
     and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 251 et 
     seq.)'' and substituting ``provisions of section 171(c) title 
     41, United States Code''.
       (71) Section 1002(e)(3)(C) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
     (42 U.S.C. 16392(e)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ``section 
     25(c)(1) of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 
     U.S.C. 421(c)(1))'' and substituting ``section 1303(a)(1) of 
     title 41, United States Code''.
       (72) Section 136(i)(3) of the Energy Independence and 
     Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17013(i)(3)) is amended by 
     striking ``section 31 of the Office of Federal Procurement 
     Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 427)'' and substituting ``section 1901 
     of title 41, United States Code''.
       (73) Section 435(c) of the Energy Independence and Security 
     Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17091(c)) is amended--
       (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ``section 6(a) of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 405(a))'' 
     and substituting ``section 1121(b) and (c)(1) of title 41, 
     United States Code,''; and
       (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ``section 25 of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 421)'' 
     and substituting ``section 1302(a) of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.
       (74) Section 1334(a)(1) of the Patient Protection and 
     Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18054(a)(1)) is amended by 
     striking ``section 5'' and substituting ``section 6101''.

     SEC. 32. TITLE 43, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) The last proviso in the paragraph under the heading 
     ``administrative provisions'' under the heading ``United 
     States Geological Survey'' in the Department of the Interior 
     and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2000 (Public Law 
     106-113, div. B, Sec. 1000(a)(3) [title I], 43 U.S.C. 50d) is 
     amended by striking ``41 U.S.C. 5'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (2) Section 115 of the Department of the Interior and 
     Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2000 (Public Law 106-
     113, div. B, Sec. 1000(a)(3) [title I], 43 U.S.C. 1451 note) 
     is amended by striking ``Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949'' and substituting ``provisions of 
     section 171(b) and (c) of title 41, United States Code''.
       (3) Section 205 of the Energy and Water Development 
     Appropriations Act, 1993 (43 U.S.C. 1475a) is amended by 
     striking ``the Federal Procurement Integrity Act (41 U.S.C. 
     423 (1988))'' and substituting ``chapter 21 of title 41, 
     United States Code,''.
       (4) Section 12(b)(7)(v) of Public Law 94-204 (43 U.S.C. 
     1611 note) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949, 40 U.S.C. sec. 471 et seq.'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code'';
       (B) by striking ``that Act'' and substituting ``that 
     chapter''; and
       (C) by striking ``40 U.S.C. 485(b), as amended'' and 
     substituting ``40 U.S.C. 572(a)''.
       (5) Section 306(a) of the Federal Land Policy and 
     Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1736(a)) is amended by 
     striking ``Federal Property and Administrative Services Act 
     of 1949 (63 Stat. 377, as amended)'' and substituting 
     ``provisions of section 171(b) and (c) of title 41, United 
     States Code''.

     SEC. 33. TITLE 44, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) The item relating to section 311 in the analysis for 
     chapter 3 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by 
     striking ``subtitle I of title 40 and division C (except 
     sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of 
     subtitle I'' and substituting ``the provisions referred to in 
     section 171(b) and (c)''.
       (2) Section 311 of title 44, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in the catchline, by striking ``subtitle I of title 40 
     and division C (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 
     4710, and 4711) of subtitle I'' and substituting ``the 
     provisions referred to in section 171(b) and (c)'';
       (B) in subsection (a), by striking ``subtitle I of title 40 
     and division C (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 
     4710, and 4711) of subtitle I'' and substituting ``the 
     provisions referred to in section 171(b) and (c)''; and
       (C) in subsection (c), by striking ``section 6101(b) to 
     (d)'' and substituting ``section 6101''.
       (3) Section 210(i) of the E-Government Act of 2002 (Public 
     Law 107-347, 44 U.S.C. 3501 note) is amended by adding ``(41 
     U.S.C. note prec. 3901)'' before ``(as added by subsection 
     (b))''.

     SEC. 34. TITLE 45, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 11(c) of the Railroad Unemployment Insurance 
     Act (45 U.S.C. 361(c)) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes 
     (U.S.C., title 41, sec. 5)'' after ``without regard to'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''; and
       (B) by striking ``section 3709 of Revised Statutes (U.S.C., 
     title 41, sec. 5)'' after ``Provided, That'' and substituting 
     ``section 6101 of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (2) Section 613(b) of the Alaska Railroad Transfer Act of 
     1982 (45 U.S.C. 1212(b)) is amended by striking ``the Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 (40 U.S.C. 
     484)'' and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United 
     States Code,''.

     SEC. 35. TITLE 46, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 51703(b)(2) of title 46, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (2) Section 55305(d)(2)(D) of title 46, United States Code, 
     is amended by striking ``section 25(c)(1) of the Office of 
     Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 1303(a)(1)'' and 
     substituting ``section 1303(a)(1) of title 41''.

     SEC. 36. TITLE 48, UNITED STATES CODE.

       Section 108 of the Interior Department Appropriation Act, 
     1953 (48 U.S.C. 1685) is amended by striking ``the Federal 
     Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949'' and 
     substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code,''.

     SEC. 37. TITLE 49, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Effective January 4, 2011, section 5(o)(1) of Public 
     Law 111-350 (124 Stat. 3853) is amended by striking ``section 
     103(e)'' and substituting ``section 103(i)''.
       (2) Section 103(i) of title 49, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``of subtitle I of title 40 and division 
     C (except sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) 
     of subtitle I'' and substituting ``referred to in section 
     171(b) and (c)''.
       (3) Section 1113(b)(1)(B) of title 49, United States Code, 
     is amended by striking ``section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101''.
       (4) Section 123(a) of the Hazardous Materials 
     Transportation Authorization Act of 1994 (Public Law 103-311, 
     49 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended--
       (A) in the heading, by striking ``Buy American Act'' and 
     substituting ``Chapter 83 of Title 41, United States Code''; 
     and
       (B) by striking ``sections 2 through 4 of the Act of March 
     3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 10a-10c; popularly known as the `Buy 
     American Act')'' and substituting ``chapter 83 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (5) Section 10721 of title 49, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``Section 6101''.
       (6) Section 13712 of title 49, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``Section 6101''.
       (7) Section 15504 of title 49, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``Section 6101''.
       (8) Section 110(b) of the Amtrak Reform and Accountability 
     Act of 1997 (Public Law

[[Page H6233]]

     105-134, 49 U.S.C. 24301 note) is amended by striking 
     ``Section 303B(m) of the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 253b(m))'' and substituting 
     ``Section 4702 of title 41, United States Code,''.
       (9) Section 40110(d) of title 49, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in paragraph (2)--
       (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``Division C (except 
     sections 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of 
     subtitle I'' and substituting ``Provisions referred to in 
     section 171(c)''; and
       (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``Division B (except 
     sections 1704 and 2303) of subtitle I'' and substituting 
     ``Provisions referred to in section 172(b)''; and
       (B) in paragraph (3)--
       (i) in the heading, by striking ``of division b (except 
     sections 1704 and 2303) of subtitle i'' and substituting 
     ``referred to in section 172(b)'';
       (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act'' and substituting ``provisions 
     referred to in section 172(b) of title 41'';
       (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ``Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act'' and substituting ``provisions 
     referred to in section 172(b) of title 41''; and
       (iv) in subparagraph (D), by striking ``section 
     27(e)(3)(A)(iv) of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy 
     Act'' and substituting ``section 2105(c)(1)(D) of title 41''.
       (10) Section 351(b) of the Department of Transportation and 
     Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997 (Public Law 104-
     205, 49 U.S.C. 40110 note) is amended by striking ``section 
     4(6) of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 
     U.S.C. 403(6))'' and substituting ``section 107 of title 41, 
     United States Code''.
       (11) Section 5063 of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining 
     Act of 1994 (Public Law 103-355, 49 U.S.C. 40110 note) is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (f)(2), by striking subparagraphs (B) and 
     (C) and substituting the following:
       ``(B) Sections 107, 1708, 3105, 3301(a), (b)(1), and (c), 
     3303 through 3306(e), 3308, and 3311, chapter 37, and section 
     4702 of title 41, United States Code.''; and
       (B) in subsection (g), by striking ``section 4(12) of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act'' and substituting 
     ``section 103 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (12) Section 47305(d) of title 49, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Section 6101(b) to (d)'' and 
     substituting ``Section 6101''.
       (13) Section 305(b) of the Federal Aviation Administration 
     Authorization Act of 1994 (Public Law 103-305, 49 U.S.C. 
     50101 note) is amended--
       (A) in the heading, by striking ``Buy American Act'' and 
     substituting ``Chapter 83 of Title 41, United States Code''; 
     and
       (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ``sections 2 through 4 of 
     the Act of March 3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 10a through 10c, 
     popularly known as the `Buy American Act')'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code''.

     SEC. 38. TITLE 50, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 4(c)(2) of the Helium Act (50 U.S.C. 
     167b(c)(2)) is amended by striking ``the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949'' and substituting 
     ``chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code''.
       (2) Section 502(a)(1) of the National Emergencies Act (50 
     U.S.C. 1651(a)(1)) is amended by striking ``Chapters 1 to 11 
     of title 40, United States Code, and division (C) (except 
     sections 3302, 3307(e), 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) 
     of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code'' and 
     substituting ``Provisions of law referred to in section 
     171(b) and (c) of title 41, United States Code''.
       (3) The Sudan Accountability and Divestment Act of 2007 
     (Public Law 110-174, 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended--
       (A) in section 2(3), by striking ``section 4 of the Office 
     of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403)'' and 
     substituting ``section 133 of title 41, United States Code''; 
     and
       (B) in section 6--
       (i) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ``section 25 of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 421)'' 
     and substituting ``section 1303 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''; and
       (ii) in subsection (d), by striking ``section 25 of the 
     Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 421)'' 
     and substituting ``section 1303 of title 41, United States 
     Code,''.
       (4) Section 802(a)(4) of the David L. Boren National 
     Security Education Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1902(a)(4)) is 
     amended by striking ``section 3709 of the Revised Statutes 
     (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, 
     United States Code,''.
       (5) Section 102A(q)(4)(B) of the National Security Act of 
     1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(q)(4)(B)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 4(9) of the Federal Property and Administrative 
     Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 403(9))'' and substituting 
     ``section 109 of title 41, United States Code''.
       (6) Section 505(a)(2)(B)(i) of the National Security Act of 
     1947 (50 U.S.C. 3095(a)(2)(B)(i)) is amended by striking 
     ``Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949'' 
     and substituting ``provisions referred to in section 171(b) 
     and (c) of title 41 of the United States Code''.
       (7) Section 506C(e)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 
     (50 U.S.C. 3099(e)(1)) is amended by striking ``section 4(10) 
     of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 
     403(10))'' and substituting ``section 108 of title 41, United 
     States Code''.
       (8) Section 704(b) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 
     (ch. 932, 50 U.S.C. 4554(b)) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``section 25 of the Office of Federal 
     Procurement Policy Act'' and substituting ``section 1303(a) 
     of title 41, United States Code''; and
       (B) by striking ``section 6 or 25 of that Act'' and 
     substituting ``section 1121(b) and (d) or 1303(a)(1) of that 
     title''.
       (9) Section 709(c) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 
     (ch. 932, 50 U.S.C. 4559(c)) is amended by striking ``section 
     22 of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act'' and 
     substituting ``section 1707 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.

     SEC. 39. TITLE 51, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (1) Section 20113(c)(4) of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``chapters 1 to 11 of title 40 and in 
     accordance with title III of the Federal Property and 
     Administrative Services Act of 1949 (41 U.S.C. 251 et seq.)'' 
     and substituting ``chapter 5 of title 40''.
       (2) Section 30704(2) of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``the Buy American Act (41 U.S.C. 10a et 
     seq.)'' and substituting ``chapter 83 of title 41''.

     SEC. 40. TITLE 52, UNITED STATES CODE.

       Section 205(e) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 
     U.S.C. 20925(e)) is amended by striking ``section 3709 of the 
     Revised Statutes of the United States (41 U.S.C. 5)'' and 
     substituting ``section 6101 of title 41, United States 
     Code''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Wisconsin (Mr. Tiffany) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin.


                             General Leave

  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and to insert extraneous material on H.R. 7324.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Wisconsin?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7324. This bill was prepared 
for the House Committee on the Judiciary by the Office of the Law 
Revision Counsel.
  Congress enacted a restatement of title 41 into a positive law title 
more than 13 years ago in January 2011. Since that time, Congress has 
continued to legislate on matters within title 41, which necessitates 
the bill to update that title before us today.
  This bill does not change the substance of any law on the books. It 
simply updates title 41 to account for laws passed by Congress since 
2011. The bill also updates and corrects technical matters, such as 
cross-references to other parts of the U.S. Code that have changed 
since 2011.
  I thank my colleagues on the House Committee on the Judiciary for the 
bipartisan way that we handle these bills. I urge support of H.R. 7324, 
and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, one of the most important responsibilities the House 
gives the House Committee on the Judiciary is to oversee the revision 
and codification of the statutes of the United States.
  Keeping track of the new laws Congress passes every session is a 
formidable challenge, but it is an essential part of maintaining the 
rule of law in our country. It is a role we take seriously on the House 
Committee on the Judiciary.
  I thank the chairman of the committee for bringing this legislation 
to the floor on a bipartisan basis today to further this important 
duty.
  The body of Federal law is so large and complex at this point that it 
would be almost completely unmanageable without the United States Code. 
Currently consisting of 54 titles, the code compiles the general and 
permanent laws of the United States into coherent subject areas. This 
makes our Federal laws accessible both to the government officials who 
work to fairly administer them and to the private citizens who seek the 
benefits or relief the laws provide them.
  To date, 27 of these 54 titles have been enacted into ``positive 
law,'' which means the text of these titles is itself the law while the 
remaining titles are ``non-positive,'' meaning they organize Federal 
statutes for users' convenience but do not themselves have the force of 
law.

[[Page H6234]]

  The painstaking and vital work of maintaining and updating the code 
falls to the expert lawyers working under the supervision of the House 
in the Office of the Law Revision Counsel. We owe a great debt to these 
attorneys who ably carry out their statutory mandate ``to develop and 
keep current an official and positive codification of the laws of the 
United States,'' while maintaining strict impartiality as to 
legislative policy.
  H.R. 7324 is the first of five bills that we are taking up today that 
make conforming changes to statutes that have been impacted by the 
Office of the Law Revision Counsel's positive law codification efforts 
while making no change in the meaning or effect of any existing laws.
  This legislation will help ensure that the code is an authoritative, 
accurate, and accessible source of Federal law, and I thank the 
gentlewoman from Vermont (Ms. Balint) for introducing the bill.
  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve and am prepared to close.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Vermont (Ms. Balint).
  Ms. BALINT. Mr. Speaker, the House Committee on the Judiciary is 
tasked with the underappreciated yet critical responsibility to oversee 
the revision and codification of the statutes of the United States.
  I appreciate that today we are continuing the strong bipartisan 
tradition of ensuring that the U.S. Code is current and accurate.
  Currently consisting of 54 titles, the U.S. Code compiles the general 
and permanent laws of the United States into subject areas. This 
categorization makes our Federal laws much more accessible both to 
government officials but also to private citizens who seek the benefit 
or relief the laws provide to them.
  The painstaking work in maintaining and updating the U.S. Code falls 
to the expert lawyers working under the supervision of the House and 
the Office of the Law Revision Counsel. I am grateful to them for their 
hard work and dedication to the rule of law.
  H.R. 7324 makes technical corrections to the U.S. Code. It is part of 
an effort to codify positive law in the U.S. Code. Specifically, the 
bill makes conforming amendments related to public contracts under 
title 41 of the code.
  The statutory changes made by these bills are purely technical. They 
do not change the meaning or the effect of any existing laws. They 
simply ensure that the code is an authoritative, accurate, and 
accessible source of Federal law.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Nadler and Chairman Jordan for 
the bipartisan way in which they have moved these bills. I encourage my 
House colleagues to support the bill.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation, and 
I encourage my colleagues to do the same. I yield back the balance of 
my time.
  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the bill also, and I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Tiffany) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 7324.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6234-H6235]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




    MAKING TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 49, UNITED STATES CODE, AS 
                     NECESSARY TO IMPROVE THE CODE

  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 7341) to make technical amendments to title 49, United 
States Code, as necessary to improve the Code.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7341

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. TABLE OF CONTENTS.

       The table of contents for this Act is as follows:

Sec. 1. Table of contents.
Sec. 2. Purpose.
Sec. 3. Technical amendments to chapter 224 of title 49, United States 
              Code.
Sec. 4. Other technical amendments.

     SEC. 2. PURPOSE.

       The purpose of this Act is to make technical amendments to 
     title 49, United States Code, as necessary to improve the 
     Code.

     SEC. 3. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO CHAPTER 224 OF TITLE 49, 
                   UNITED STATES CODE.

       (a) Definitions.--Section 22401 of title 49, United States 
     Code, is amended--
       (1) in paragraph (1)--
       (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``(A) The term'' and 
     inserting the following:
       ``(A) In general.--The term'';
       (B) in subparagraph (B)--
       (i) by redesginating clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) as 
     subclauses (I), (II), and (III);
       (ii) by striking ``(B) The cost'' and inserting the 
     following:
       ``(B) Direct loan.--
       ``(i) In general.--The cost''; and
       (iii) by striking ``Calculation of the cost of a direct 
     loan'' and inserting:
       ``(ii) Inclusion.--Calculation of the cost of a direct 
     loan'';
       (C) in subparagraph (C)--
       (i) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) 
     and (II);
       (ii) by striking ``(C) The cost'' and inserting the 
     following:
       ``(C) Loan guarantee.--
       ``(i) In general.--The cost''; and
       (iii) by striking ``Calculation of the cost of a loan 
     guarantee'' and inserting the following:
       ``(ii) Inclusion.--Calculation of the cost of a loan 
     guarantee'';
       (D) in subparagraph (D), by striking ``(D) The cost'' and 
     inserting the following:
       ``(D) Modification.--The cost'';
       (E) in subparagraph (E), by striking ``(E) In estimating'' 
     and inserting the following:
       ``(E) Net present values.--In estimating''; and
       (F) in subparagraph (F), by striking ``(F) When funds'' and 
     inserting the following:
       ``(F) Basis of estimated cost.--When funds'';
       (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ``(2 U.S.C. 900(c)(9))'' 
     after ``Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 
     1985''; and
       (3) in paragraph (12)--
       (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ``of this title'' 
     after ``section 20102''; and
       (B) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ``of this title'' 
     after ``section 24102''.
       (b) Direct Loans and Loan Guarantees.--Section 22402 of 
     title 49, United States Code, is amended--
       (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ``government 
     sponsored'' and inserting ``government-sponsored'';
       (2) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ``of this title'' 
     after ``section 20157(i)'';
       (3) in subsection (f)--
       (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ``(2 U.S.C. 
     661c(b)(1))'' after ``section 504(b)(1) of the Federal Credit 
     Reform Act of 1990'';
       (B) in paragraph (5)--
       (i) in the matter before subparagraph (A)--

       (I) by inserting ``of this title'' after ``section 
     22406(a)(2)'';
       (II) by striking ``(Public Law 114-94)'' and inserting 
     ``(Public Law 114-94, 129 Stat. 1312)''; and
       (III) by striking ``(Public Law 94-210)'' and inserting 
     ``(Public Law 94-210, 90 Stat. 31)''; and

       (ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ``(Public Law 117-
     58, div. B, 135 Stat. 652)'' after ``Surface Transportation 
     Investment Act of 2021''; and
       (C) in paragraph (7), by inserting ``(Public Law 117-58, 
     div. B, 135 Stat. 652)'' after ``Surface Transportation 
     Investment Act of 2021'';
       (4) in subsection (g)(1)(C)(ii)(II), by striking the period 
     at the end and inserting a semicolon;
       (5) in subsection (h)(3)--
       (A) in subparagraph (A)--
       (i) by inserting ``of this title'' after ``section 24312''; 
     and
       (ii) by inserting ``of this title'' after ``section 
     24308(a)''; and
       (B) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ``of this title'' 
     after ``section 22404''; and
       (6) in subsection (i)--
       (A) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking the heading ``Actions 
     by the Office of Management and Budget'' and inserting the 
     heading ``Actions by the office of management and budget'';
       (B) in paragraph (4)(A)--
       (i) by inserting ``(Public Law 117-58, div. B, 135 Stat. 
     652)'' after ``Surface Transportation Investment Act of 
     2021''; and
       (ii) by striking ``an streamlined'' and inserting ``a 
     streamlined''; and
       (C) in paragraph (6)(A)--
       (i) in clause (iv), by striking ``refinancing an'' and 
     inserting ``refinancing of an''; and
       (ii) in clause (ix), by inserting ``of this title'' after 
     ``section 5323(j)''.
       (c) Administration of Direct Loans and Loan Guarantees.--
     Section 22403 of title 49, United States Code, is amended--
       (1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ``of this title'' 
     after ``section 22402'';
       (2) in subsection (b), by inserting ``of this title'' after 
     ``section 22402'';
       (3) in subsection (c), by inserting ``of this title'' after 
     ``section 22402'';
       (4) in subsection (d)(3), by inserting ``of this title'' 
     after ``section 22402(f)'';
       (5) in subsection (g), in the matter before paragraph (1), 
     by inserting ``of this title'' after ``section 22402'';
       (6) in subsection (h)(1), by inserting ``of this title'' 
     after ``section 22402'';
       (7) in subsection (i)--
       (A) in the matter before paragraph (1), by inserting ``of 
     this title'' after ``section 22402'' each place it appears; 
     and

[[Page H6235]]

       (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ``of this section''; and
       (8) in subsection (m), by inserting ``of this title'' after 
     ``section 22402''.
       (d) Substantive Criteria and Standards.--Section 22405(1) 
     of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ``of 
     this title'' after ``section 22402''.
       (e) Authorization of Appropriations.--Section 22406 of 
     title 49, United States Code, is amended--
       (1) in the section heading, by striking the period at the 
     end;
       (2) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting ``of this title'' 
     after ``section 22402(f)(5)''; and
       (3) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ``of this title'' 
     after ``section 22403(l)(1)''.

     SEC. 4. OTHER TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS.

       (a) National Surface Transportation and Innovative Finance 
     Bureau.--Section 116(d)(1)(B) of title 49, United States 
     Code, is amended by inserting ``of this title'' after 
     ``sections 22401 through 22403''.
       (b) Surface Transportation Investment Act of 2021.--Section 
     21303(1) of the Surface Transportation Investment Act of 2021 
     (49 U.S.C. 22402 note) is amended by striking ``section 
     22402(b)(1)(E) of title 49'' and inserting ``section 
     22402(b)(1)(F) of title 49''.
       (c) Grant Conditions.--Section 22905(c)(2)(B) of title 49, 
     United States Code, is amended by inserting ``of this title'' 
     after ``section 22404''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Wisconsin (Mr. Tiffany) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin.


                             General Leave

  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and to insert extraneous material on H.R. 7341.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Wisconsin?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7341. This bill was prepared 
for the House Committee on the Judiciary by the Office of the Law 
Revision Counsel.
  In 2021, Congress enacted the Surface Transportation Investment Act 
of 2021. That law created a new chapter 224 in title 49. H.R. 7341 
makes various technical corrections in title 49 to account for the 
creation of that new chapter.
  This bill does not change the substance of any law on the books. It 
simply updates title 49 to account for laws passed by Congress.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on the House Committee on the 
Judiciary for the bipartisan way that we handle these bills. I urge 
support of H.R. 7341, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my 
time.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7341, which makes a number of 
technical amendments to title 49 of the U.S. Code while making no 
substantive changes.
  Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation, and I yield back the balance 
of my time.
  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this legislation, and I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Tiffany) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 7341.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6235-H6251]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1530
MAKING REVISIONS IN TITLE 51, UNITED STATES CODE, AS NECESSARY TO KEEP 
  THE TITLE CURRENT, AND TO MAKE TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO IMPROVE THE 
                           UNITED STATES CODE

  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 7339) to make revisions in title 51, United States Code, as 
necessary to keep the title current, and to make technical amendments 
to improve the United States Code.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7339

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. TABLE OF CONTENTS.

       The table of contents for this Act is as follows:

Sec. 1. Table of contents.
Sec. 2. Purposes; restatement does not change meaning or effect of 
              existing law.
Sec. 3. Revision of title 51, United States Code.
Sec. 4. Technical amendments.
Sec. 5. Transitional and savings provisions.
Sec. 6. Repeals.

     SEC. 2. PURPOSES; RESTATEMENT DOES NOT CHANGE MEANING OR 
                   EFFECT OF EXISTING LAW.

       (a) Purposes.--The purposes of this Act are--
       (1) to make revisions in title 51, United States Code, as 
     necessary to keep the title current; and
       (2) to make technical amendments to improve the United 
     States Code.
       (b) Restatement Does Not Change Meaning or Effect of 
     Existing Law.--
       (1) In general.--The restatement of existing law enacted by 
     this Act does not change the meaning or effect of the 
     existing law. The restatement incorporates in title 51, 
     United States Code, various provisions that were enacted 
     separately over a period of years, reorganizing them, 
     conforming style and terminology, modernizing obsolete 
     language, and correcting drafting errors. These changes serve 
     to remove ambiguities, contradictions, and other 
     imperfections, but they do not change the meaning or effect 
     of the existing law or impair the precedential value of 
     earlier judicial decisions or other interpretations.
       (2) Rule of construction.--
       (A) In general.--Notwithstanding the plain meaning rule or 
     other rules of statutory construction, a change in wording 
     made in the restatement of existing law enacted by this Act 
     serves to clarify the existing law as indicated in paragraph 
     (1), but not to change the meaning or effect of the existing 
     law.
       (B) Revision notes.--Subparagraph (A) applies whether or 
     not a change in wording is explained by a revision note 
     appearing in a congressional report accompanying this Act. If 
     such a revision note does appear, a court shall consider the 
     revision note in interpreting the change.

     SEC. 3. REVISION OF TITLE 51, UNITED STATES CODE.

       (a) Revision of Title Table of Contents.--The title table 
     of contents of title 51, United States Code, is amended--
       (1) by striking the item relating to chapter 301 and 
     inserting the following:

``301. Funding.............................................30101'';....

       (2) by striking the item relating to chapter 315 and 
     inserting the following:

``315. Facilities and Infrastructure.........................31501 ....

``317 Through 397......................................................
Reserved ..............................................................
``399. Miscellaneous.......................................39901'';....

       (3) by striking the item relating to chapter 409 and 
     inserting the following:

``409. Aeronautics and Space Technology......................40901 ....

``411 Through 497......................................................
Reserved ..............................................................
``499. Miscellaneous.......................................49901'';....

       (4) by striking the items relating to chapters 513 and 515 
     and inserting the following:

``513. Space Resource Commercial Exploration and Utilization.51301 ....

``515. Office of Spaceports..................................51501 ....

``517. Development and Use of Commercial Cargo and Crew Transportation 
    Capabilities...........................................51701'';....

       (5) by striking the item relating to chapter 701 and 
     inserting the following:

``701. Use of Space Launch System or Alternatives..........70101'';....

     and
       (6) by inserting after the item relating to chapter 713 the 
     following:

``715. Human Space Flight and Exploration....................71501 ....

``717. Advancing Human Space Exploration...................71701''.....

       (b) Revision of Section 20144.--
       (1) Amendments.--Section 20144 of title 51, United States 
     Code, is amended--
       (A) in subsection (a), by striking ``The Administration may 
     carry out a program to award prizes only in conformity with 
     this section.''; and
       (B) in subsection (i)(4), by striking ``Committee on 
     Science and Technology'' and inserting ``Committee on 
     Science, Space, and Technology''.
       (2) Effective date.--The amendment made by paragraph (1)(A) 
     is effective on January 4, 2011.
       (c) Revision of Section 20145.--Section 20145 of title 51, 
     United States Code, is amended--
       (1) by redesignating subsections (f) through (h) as 
     subsections (g) through (i), respectively;
       (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the following:
       ``(f) Proceeds.--Proceeds from leases entered into under 
     this section shall be deposited in the Administration 
     Construction and Environmental Compliance and Restoration 
     appropriations account. The proceeds shall be available for a 
     period of 5 years, to the extent and in amounts provided in 
     appropriations acts.''; and
       (3) in subsection (h) (as redesignated by paragraph (1)), 
     in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ``the date of 
     the enactment of the National Aeronautics and Space

[[Page H6236]]

     Administration Authorization Act of 2022,'' and inserting 
     ``August 9, 2022,''.
       (d) Revision of Section 20303.--Section 20303 of title 51, 
     United States Code, is amended--
       (1) in subsection (c), by striking ``(42 U.S.C. 16611(d))'' 
     and inserting ``(Public Law 109-155, 119 Stat. 2900)'';
       (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (e); and
       (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the following:
       ``(d) Evaluation and Expansion of Interagency 
     Contribution.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Administrator shall evaluate and, to 
     the extent possible--
       ``(A) expand efforts to maximize the Administration's 
     contribution to interagency efforts to enhance science, 
     technology, engineering, and mathematics education 
     capabilities; and
       ``(B) enhance the Nation's technological excellence and 
     global competitiveness.
       ``(2) Identification in report.--The Administrator shall 
     identify the expanded efforts and enhancements made under 
     paragraph (1) in the annual reports required by subsection 
     (e).''.
       (e) Revision of Chapter 301.--
       (1) Chapter heading.--The chapter heading of chapter 301 of 
     title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking 
     ``APPROPRIATIONS, BUDGETS, AND ACCOUNTING'' and inserting 
     ``FUNDING''.
       (2) Chapter table of contents.--
       (A) Contents.--The chapter table of contents of chapter 301 
     of title 51, United States Code is amended to read as 
     follows:
``SUBCHAPTER I--GENERAL PROVISIONS
``Sec.
``30101. Prior authorization of appropriations required.
``30102. Working capital fund.
``30103. Baselines and cost controls.
``30104. Reports on estimated costs for certain programs.
``30105. Annual report on program cost and control.

``SUBCHAPTER II--BUDGET PROVISIONS
``30121. General budget documentation requirements.
``30122. Consideration of decadal surveys.
``30123. Two-year budget request with third-year estimate.''.
       (B) Typeface.--The chapter table of contents of chapter 301 
     of title 51, United States Code, as amended by subparagraph 
     (A), is amended so that the typeface of the subchapter 
     headings and the typeface of the subchapter items conform to 
     those appearing in other chapter table of contents of title 
     51.
       (3) Redesignation of existing sections.--Chapter 301 of 
     title 51, United States Code, is amended as follows:
       (A) Section 30103 (Budgets) is redesignated as section 
     30121, and transferred to appear after section 30104 
     (Baselines and cost controls).
       (B) Section 30104 (Baselines and cost controls) is 
     redesignated as section 30103.
       (4) Designation of subchapters.--Chapter 301 of title 51, 
     United States Code, is amended by--
       (A) inserting a subchapter heading (in typeface styled like 
     other subchapter headings in title 51) before section 30101 
     as follows: ``SUBCHAPTER I--GENERAL PROVISIONS''; and
       (B) inserting a subchapter heading (in typeface styled like 
     other subchapter headings in title 51) before section 30121 
     (as redesignated and transferred by paragraph (3)(A)) as 
     follows: ``SUBCHAPTER II--BUDGET PROVISIONS''.
       (5) Revision of section 30103.--Section 30103 (Baselines 
     and cost controls) of title 51, United States Code (as 
     redesignated by paragraph (3)(B)), is amended by striking 
     ``Committee on Science and Technology'' and inserting 
     ``Committee on Science, Space, and Technology'' in--
       (A) subsection (b)(2);
       (B) subsection (c)(1);
       (C) subsection (d)(3);
       (D) subsection (e)(1)(A) (matter before clause (i)); and
       (E) subsection (e)(2).
       (6) Enactment of sections 30104 and 30105.--Chapter 301 of 
     title 51, United States Code, is amended by inserting after 
     section 30103 (Baselines and cost controls) (as redesignated 
     by paragraph (3)(B) and amended by paragraph (5)) the 
     following:

     ``Sec. 30104. Reports on estimated costs for certain programs

       ``For each program under the jurisdiction of the 
     Administration for which development costs are expected to 
     exceed $200,000,000, the Administrator shall submit to 
     Congress, at the time of submission of the President's annual 
     budget--
       ``(1) a 5-year budget detailing the estimated development 
     costs of the program; and
       ``(2) an estimate of the life-cycle costs associated with 
     the program.

     ``Sec. 30105. Annual report on program cost and control

       ``(a) Annual Report.--Not later than April 30 of each year, 
     the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, 
     Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee 
     on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of 
     Representatives a report on the implementation during the 
     preceding year of the corrective action plan referred to in 
     section 1203(a)(4) of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-267, 
     124 Stat. 2842).
       ``(b) Contents.--A report under this section shall contain 
     the following:
       ``(1) Description of over-budget or delayed programs.--For 
     the year covered by the report, a description of each 
     Administration program that has exceeded its cost baseline by 
     15 percent or more or is more than 2 years behind its 
     projected development schedule.
       ``(2) Corrective plans.--For each program described under 
     paragraph (1), a plan for a decrease in scope or 
     requirements, or other measures, to be undertaken to control 
     cost and schedule, including any cost monitoring or 
     corrective actions undertaken pursuant to the National 
     Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 
     2005 (Public Law 109-155, 119 Stat. 2895), and the amendments 
     made by that Act.''.
       (7) Revision of section 30121.--Section 30121 of title 51, 
     United States Code (as redesignated and transferred by 
     paragraph (3)(A)), is amended--
       (A) in the section heading, by striking ``Budgets'' and 
     inserting ``General budget documentation requirements''; and
       (B) in subsection (b) (matter before paragraph (1)), by 
     striking ``Committee on Science and Technology'' and 
     inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and Technology''.
       (8) Enactment of sections 30122 and 30123.--Chapter 301 of 
     title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end 
     the following:

     ``Sec. 30122. Consideration of decadal surveys

       ``The Administration shall take into account the current 
     decadal surveys from the National Academies' Space Studies 
     Board when submitting the President's budget request to 
     Congress.

     ``Sec. 30123. Two-year budget request with third-year 
       estimate

       ``Each fiscal year, the President shall submit to Congress 
     a budget request for the Administration that includes--
       ``(1) a budget request for the immediate fiscal year and 
     the following fiscal year; and
       ``(2) budget estimates for the third fiscal year.''.
       (f) Revision of Section 30310.--Section 30310 of title 51, 
     United States Code, is amended by striking ``Section 526(a) 
     of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 
     U.S.C. 17142(a))'' and inserting ``Section 526 of the Energy 
     Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17142)''.
       (g) Enactment of Section 30311.--
       (1) Chapter table of contents.--The chapter table of 
     contents of chapter 303 of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by adding at the end the following:

``30311. Counterfeit parts.''.
       (2) Enactment of section.--Chapter 303 of title 51, United 
     States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:

     ``Sec. 30311. Counterfeit parts

       ``(a) In General.--The Administrator shall plan, develop, 
     and implement a program, in coordination with other Federal 
     agencies, to detect, track, catalog, and reduce the number of 
     counterfeit electronic parts in the Administration supply 
     chain.
       ``(b) Requirements.--In carrying out the program, the 
     Administrator shall establish--
       ``(1) counterfeit part identification training for all 
     employees who procure, process, distribute, and install 
     electronic parts that will--
       ``(A) teach employees how to identify counterfeit parts;
       ``(B) educate employees on procedures to follow if they 
     suspect a part is counterfeit;
       ``(C) regularly update employees on new threats, 
     identification techniques, and reporting requirements; and
       ``(D) integrate industry associations, manufacturers, 
     suppliers, and other Federal agencies, as appropriate;
       ``(2) an internal database to track all suspected and 
     confirmed counterfeit electronic parts that will maintain, at 
     a minimum--
       ``(A) companies and individuals known and suspected of 
     selling counterfeit parts;
       ``(B) parts known and suspected of being counterfeit, 
     including lot and date codes, part numbers, and part images;
       ``(C) countries of origin;
       ``(D) sources of reporting;
       ``(E) United States Customs seizures; and
       ``(F) Government-Industry Data Exchange Program reports and 
     other public- or private-sector database notifications; and
       ``(3) a mechanism--
       ``(A) to report all information on suspected and confirmed 
     counterfeit electronic parts to law enforcement agency 
     databases, industry association databases, and other 
     databases; and
       ``(B) to issue bulletins to industry on counterfeit 
     electronic parts and related counterfeit activity.
       ``(c) Review of Procurement and Acquisition Policy.--
       ``(1) In general.--In establishing the program, the 
     Administrator shall amend acquisition and procurement policy 
     in effect on October 11, 2010, to require the purchase of 
     electronic parts from trusted or approved manufacturers. To 
     determine trusted or approved manufacturers, the 
     Administrator shall establish a list, assessed and adjusted 
     at least annually, and create criteria for manufacturers to 
     meet in order to be placed on the list.
       ``(2) Criteria.--The criteria may include--
       ``(A) authentication or encryption codes;
       ``(B) embedded security markings in parts;

[[Page H6237]]

       ``(C) unique, hard-to-copy labels and markings;
       ``(D) identification of distinct lot and serial codes on 
     external packaging;
       ``(E) radio frequency identification embedded into high-
     value parts;
       ``(F) physical destruction of all defective, damaged, and 
     sub-standard parts that are by-products of the manufacturing 
     process;
       ``(G) testing certifications;
       ``(H) maintenance of procedures for handling any 
     counterfeit parts that slip through;
       ``(I) maintenance of secure facilities to prevent 
     unauthorized access to proprietary information; and
       ``(J) maintenance of product return, buy back, and 
     inventory control practices that limit counterfeiting.''.
       (h) Enactment of Sections 30505 and 30506.--
       (1) Chapter table of contents.--The chapter table of 
     contents of chapter 305 of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by adding at the end the following:

``30505. Information security.
``30506. Workforce development for minority and underrepresented 
              groups.''.
       (2) Enactment of sections.--Chapter 305 of title 51, United 
     States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:

     ``Sec. 30505. Information security

       ``(a) Definition of Information Infrastructure.--In this 
     section, the term `information infrastructure' means the 
     underlying framework that information systems and assets rely 
     on to process, transmit, receive, or store information 
     electronically, including programmable electronic devices and 
     communications networks and any associated hardware, 
     software, or data.
       ``(b) Monitoring Risk.--
       ``(1) Biennial update on system implementation.--On a 
     biennial basis, the Chief Information Officer of the 
     Administration, in coordination with other national security 
     agencies, shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, 
     Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee 
     on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of 
     Representatives--
       ``(A) an update on efforts to implement a system to provide 
     dynamic, comprehensive, real-time information regarding risk 
     of unauthorized remote, proximity, and insider use or access, 
     for all information infrastructure under the responsibility 
     of the Chief Information Officer, and mission-related 
     networks, including contractor networks;
       ``(B) an assessment of whether the system has demonstrably 
     and quantifiably reduced network risk compared with 
     alternative methods of measuring security; and
       ``(C) an assessment of the progress that each center and 
     facility has made toward implementing the system.
       ``(2) Existing assessments.--The assessments required of 
     the Inspector General under section 3555 of title 44 shall 
     evaluate the effectiveness of the system described in this 
     subsection.
       ``(c) Information Security Awareness and Education.--
       ``(1) In general.--In consultation with the Department of 
     Education, other national security agencies, and other agency 
     directorates, the Chief Information Officer shall institute 
     an information security awareness and education program for 
     all operators and users of Administration information 
     infrastructure, with the goal of reducing unauthorized 
     remote, proximity, and insider use or access.
       ``(2) Program requirements.--
       ``(A) Briefings, exercises, and examinations.--The program 
     shall include, at a minimum, ongoing classified and 
     unclassified threat-based briefings, and automated exercises 
     and examinations that simulate common attack techniques.
       ``(B) Participation.--All agency employees and contractors 
     engaged in the operation or use of agency information 
     infrastructure shall participate in the program.
       ``(C) Access.--Access to Administration information 
     infrastructure shall be granted only to operators and users 
     who regularly satisfy the requirements of the program.
       ``(D) Rewarding achievement.--The Chief Human Capital 
     Officer of the Administration, in consultation with the Chief 
     Information Officer, shall create a system to reward 
     operators and users of agency information infrastructure for 
     continuous high achievement in the program.

     ``Sec. 30506. Workforce development for minority and 
       underrepresented groups

       ``(a) Addressing Impediments.--To the extent practicable, 
     the Administrator shall take all necessary steps to address 
     any impediments identified in the assessment described in 
     subsection (b).
       ``(b) Assessment.--The assessment referred to in subsection 
     (a) is the independent assessment of impediments to space 
     science and engineering workforce development for minority 
     and underrepresented groups at the Administration that was 
     prepared under section 203(a) of the America COMPETES 
     Reauthorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-358, 124 Stat. 
     3994).''.
       (i) Revision of Section 30704.--Section 30704(2) of title 
     51, United States Code, is amended by striking ``the Buy 
     American Act (41 U.S.C. 10a et seq.)'' and inserting 
     ``chapter 83 of title 41''.
       (j) Enactment of Section 30705.--
       (1) Chapter table of contents.--The chapter table of 
     contents of chapter 307 of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by adding at the end the following:

``30705. Limitation on international agreements concerning outer space 
              activities.''.
       (2) Enactment of section.--Chapter 307 of title 51, United 
     States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:

     ``Sec. 30705. Limitation on international agreements 
       concerning outer space activities

       ``(a) Definitions.--In this section:
       ``(1) Congressional defense committees.--The term 
     `congressional defense committees' means--
       ``(A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on 
     Appropriations of the Senate; and
       ``(B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on 
     Appropriations of the House of Representatives.
       ``(2) Covered congressional committees.--The term `covered 
     congressional committees' means--
       ``(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on 
     Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence 
     of the Senate; and
       ``(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on 
     Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Committee on 
     Intelligence of the House of Representatives.
       ``(b) Certification.--If the United States becomes a 
     signatory to a non-legally binding international agreement 
     concerning an International Code of Conduct for Outer Space 
     Activities or any similar agreement, at the same time as the 
     United States becomes a signatory--
       ``(1) the President shall submit to the congressional 
     defense committees, the Permanent Select Committee on 
     Intelligence of the House of Representatives, and the Select 
     Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a certification that 
     the agreement has no legally binding effect or basis for 
     limiting the activities of the United States in outer space; 
     and
       ``(2) the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint 
     Chiefs of Staff, and the Director of National Intelligence 
     shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees 
     a certification that the agreement is equitable, enhances 
     national security, and has no militarily significant impact 
     on the ability of the United States to conduct military or 
     intelligence activities in space.
       ``(c) Briefings and Notifications Required.--
       ``(1) Restatement of policy formulation under the arms 
     control and disarmament act with respect to outer space.--No 
     action shall be taken that would obligate the United States 
     to reduce or limit the Armed Forces or armaments of the 
     United States in outer space in a militarily significant 
     manner, except pursuant to the treaty-making power of the 
     President under article II, section 2, clause II of the 
     Constitution or unless authorized by the enactment of further 
     affirmative legislation by Congress.
       ``(2) Briefings.--
       ``(A) Requirement.--The Secretary of Defense, the Secretary 
     of State, and the Director of National Intelligence shall 
     jointly provide to the covered congressional committees 
     regular, detailed updates on the negotiation of a non-legally 
     binding international agreement concerning an International 
     Code of Conduct for Outer Space Activities or any similar 
     agreement.
       ``(B) Termination of requirement.--The requirement to 
     provide regular briefings under subparagraph (A) shall 
     terminate on the date on which the United States becomes a 
     signatory to an agreement referred to in subparagraph (A), or 
     on the date on which the President certifies to Congress that 
     the United States is no longer negotiating an agreement 
     referred to in subparagraph (A), whichever is earlier.
       ``(3) Notifications.--If the United States becomes a 
     signatory to a non-legally binding international agreement 
     concerning an International Code of Conduct for Outer Space 
     Activities or any similar agreement, not less than 60 days 
     prior to any action that would obligate the United States to 
     reduce or limit the Armed Forces, armaments, or activities of 
     the United States in outer space, the head of each department 
     or agency of the Federal Government that would be affected by 
     the action shall submit to Congress a notice of the action 
     and its effect on the department or agency.''.
       (k) Redesignation of Chapter 315 as Chapter 399.--
       (1) Reserved chapters.--Title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by inserting after section 31302 the following:
       ``CHAPTERS 317 THROUGH 397--RESERVED''.
       (2) Redesignation of chapter.--Title 51, United States 
     Code, is amended by redesignating chapter 315 as chapter 399.
       (3) Redesignation of sections.--Chapter 399 of title 51, 
     United States Code (as redesignated by paragraph (2)), is 
     amended--
       (A) in the chapter table of contents, by redesignating the 
     items for sections 31501 through 31505 as items for sections 
     39901 through 39905, respectively; and
       (B) by redesignating sections 31501 through 31505 as 
     sections 39901 through 39905, respectively.
       (l) Enactment of Chapter 315.--
       (1) Enactment of chapter.--
       (A) Content.--Title 51, United States Code, as amended by 
     subsection (k), is amended by inserting after chapter 313 
     (and before ``CHAPTERS 317 THROUGH 397-RESERVED'' as inserted 
     by subsection (k)(1)) the following:

[[Page H6238]]

  


              ``Chapter 315--FACILITIES AND INFRASTRUCTURE

``Sec.
``31501. Policy and plan.
``31502. Maintenance and upgrade of center facilities.

     ``Sec. 31501. Policy and plan

       ``(a) Policy.--It is the policy of the United States that 
     the Administration maintain reliable and efficient facilities 
     and infrastructure and that decisions on whether to dispose 
     of, maintain, or modernize existing facilities or 
     infrastructure be made in the context of meeting future 
     Administration needs.
       ``(b) Plan.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Administrator shall develop a 
     facilities and infrastructure plan.
       ``(2) Goal.--The goal of the plan is to position the 
     Administration to have the facilities and infrastructure, 
     including laboratories, tools, and approaches, necessary to 
     meet future Administration and other Federal agencies' 
     laboratory needs.
       ``(3) Contents.--The plan shall identify--
       ``(A) current Administration and other Federal agency 
     laboratory needs;
       ``(B) future Administration research and development and 
     testing needs;
       ``(C) a strategy for identifying facilities and 
     infrastructure that are candidates for disposal, which 
     strategy is consistent with the national strategic direction 
     set forth in--
       ``(i) the National Space Policy;
       ``(ii) the National Aeronautics Research, Development, 
     Test, and Evaluation Infrastructure Plan;
       ``(iii) the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
     Authorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109-155, 119 Stat. 
     2895), the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
     Authorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-422, 122 Stat. 
     4779), and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
     Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-267, 124 Stat. 
     2805); and
       ``(iv) the human exploration roadmap under section 71721 of 
     this title;
       ``(D) a strategy for the maintenance, repair, upgrading, 
     and modernization of Administration facilities and 
     infrastructure, including laboratories and equipment;
       ``(E) criteria for--
       ``(i) prioritizing deferred maintenance tasks;
       ``(ii) maintaining, repairing, upgrading, or modernizing 
     Administration facilities and infrastructure; and
       ``(iii) implementing processes, plans, and policies for 
     guiding the Administration's centers on whether to maintain, 
     repair, upgrade, or modernize a facility or infrastructure 
     and for determining the type of instrument to be used;
       ``(F) an assessment of modifications needed to maximize 
     usage of facilities that offer unique and highly specialized 
     benefits to the aerospace industry and the American public; 
     and
       ``(G) implementation steps, including a timeline, 
     milestones, and an estimate of resources required for 
     carrying out the plan.
       ``(c) Requirement To Establish Policy.--
       ``(1) In general.--Not later than 180 days after March 21, 
     2017, the Administrator shall establish and make publicly 
     available a policy that guides the Administration's use of 
     existing authorities to out-grant, lease, excess to the 
     General Services Administration, sell, decommission, 
     demolish, or otherwise transfer property, facilities, or 
     infrastructure.
       ``(2) Criteria.--The policy shall include criteria for the 
     use of authorities, best practices, standardized procedures, 
     and guidelines for how to appropriately manage property, 
     facilities, and infrastructure.
       ``(d) Submission to Congress.--Not later than 1 year after 
     March 21, 2017, the Administrator shall submit to the 
     Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the 
     Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of 
     the House of Representatives the plan developed under 
     subsection (b).''.
       (B) Typeface.--The chapter heading of chapter 315 of title 
     51, United States Code, as inserted by subparagraph (A), is 
     amended so that the typeface of that chapter heading conforms 
     to the typeface of other chapter headings in title 51, United 
     States Code.
       (2) Redesignation of section 39902 as section 31502.--
       (A) Redesignation and transfer.--Section 39902 of title 51, 
     United States Code, as redesignated by subsection (k)(3)(B), 
     is redesignated as section 31502 of title 51, United States 
     Code, and transferred to appear after section 31501 of title 
     51, United States Code, as inserted by paragraph (1).
       (B) Amendment of section 31502.--Section 31502 of title 51, 
     United States Code, as redesignated and transferred by 
     subparagraph (A), is amended--
       (i) in the heading, by striking ``Maintenance of 
     facilities'' and inserting ``Maintenance and upgrade of 
     center facilities'';
       (ii) by striking ``healthy Centers'' and inserting 
     ``healthy centers''; and
       (iii) by striking ``Center facilities'' and inserting 
     ``center facilities''.
       (C) Conforming amendments to chapter 399.--Chapter 399 of 
     title 51, United States Code, as redesignated and amended by 
     subsections (k) and (l)(2)(A), is amended--
       (i) in the chapter table of contents--

       (I) by striking the item relating to section 39902; and
       (II) by redesignating the items relating to sections 39903, 
     39904, and 39905 as items relating to sections 39902, 39903, 
     and 39904, respectively; and

       (ii) by redesignating sections 39903, 39904, and 39905 as 
     sections 39902, 39903, and 39904, respectively.
       (m) Revision of Section 39901.--Section 39901 of title 51, 
     United States Code (as redesignated by subsection (k)(3)), is 
     amended--
       (1) by redesignating the existing text as subsection (a) 
     and inserting the subsection heading ``Technologies To 
     Decrease Risk.--''; and
       (2) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(b) International Discussion.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Administrator shall, in consultation 
     with such other departments and agencies of the Federal 
     Government as the Administrator considers appropriate, 
     continue and strengthen discussions with the representatives 
     of other space-faring countries, within the Inter-Agency 
     Space Debris Coordination Committee and elsewhere, to deal 
     with orbital debris mitigation.
       ``(2) Interagency effort.--For purposes of carrying out 
     this subsection, the Director of the Office of Science and 
     Technology Policy, in coordination with the Director of the 
     National Security Council and using the President's Council 
     of Advisors on Science and Technology coordinating mechanism, 
     shall develop an overall strategy for review by the 
     President, with recommendations for proposed international 
     collaborative efforts to address the challenge of orbital 
     debris mitigation.''.
       (n) Redesignation of Chapter 409 as Chapter 499.--
       (1) Reserved chapters.--Title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by inserting after section 40704 the following:
       ``CHAPTERS 411 THROUGH 497--RESERVED''.
       (2) Redesignation of chapter.--Title 51, United States 
     Code, is amended by redesignating chapter 409 as chapter 499.
       (3) Redesignation of sections.--Chapter 499 of title 51, 
     United States Code (as redesignated by paragraph (2)), is 
     amended--
       (A) in the chapter table of contents, by redesignating the 
     items for sections 40901 through 40909 as items for sections 
     49901 through 49909, respectively; and
       (B) by redesignating sections 40901 through 40909 as 
     sections 49901 through 49909, respectively.
       (o) Enactment of Chapter 409.--Title 51, United States 
     Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 407 (and before 
     ``CHAPTERS 411 THROUGH 497--RESERVED'' as inserted by 
     subsection (n)(1)) the following:

            ``Chapter 409--AERONAUTICS AND SPACE TECHNOLOGY

``Sec.
``40901. Aeronautics research goals.
``40902. Research collaboration.
``40903. Goal for Administration space technology.
``40904. National space technology policy.
``40905. Commercial Reusable Suborbital Research Program.

     ``Sec. 40901. Aeronautics research goals

       ``The Administrator should ensure that the Administration 
     maintains a strong aeronautics research portfolio ranging 
     from fundamental research through systems research with 
     specific research goals, including the following:
       ``(1) Airspace capacity.--The Administration's Aeronautics 
     Research Mission Directorate shall address research needs of 
     the Next Generation Air Transportation System, including the 
     ability of the National Airspace System to handle up to 3 
     times the current travel demand by 2025.
       ``(2) Environmental sustainability.--The Directorate 
     shall--
       ``(A) consider and pursue concepts to reduce noise, 
     emissions, and fuel consumption while maintaining high safety 
     standards; and
       ``(B) pursue research relating to alternative fuels.
       ``(3) Aviation safety.--The Directorate shall proactively 
     address safety challenges with new and current air vehicles 
     and with operations in the Nation's current and future air 
     transportation system.

     ``Sec. 40902. Research collaboration

       ``(a) Department of Defense.--The Administrator shall 
     continue to coordinate with the Secretary of Defense, through 
     the National Partnership for Aeronautics Testing, to develop 
     and implement joint plans for those elements of the Nation's 
     research, development, testing, and engineering 
     infrastructure that are of common interest and use.
       ``(b) Federal Aviation Administration.--The Administrator 
     shall continue to coordinate with, and work closely with, the 
     Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, under 
     the framework of the Senior Policy Council, in the 
     development of the Next Generation Air Transportation 
     Program. The Administrator shall encourage the Council to 
     explore areas for greater collaboration, including areas in 
     which the Administration can help to accelerate the 
     development and demonstration of NextGen technologies.

     ``Sec. 40903. Goal for Administration space technology

       ``Building on its Innovative Partnerships Program and other 
     partnering approaches, it is critical that the Administration 
     maintain an Administration space technology base that helps 
     align mission directorate investments and supports long term 
     needs--
       ``(1) to complement mission-directorate funded research; 
     and
       ``(2) where appropriate, to support multiple users.

[[Page H6239]]

  


     ``Sec. 40904. National space technology policy

       ``(a) In General.--The President, in consultation with 
     appropriate Federal agencies, shall develop a national policy 
     to guide the space technology development programs of the 
     United States through 2020. The policy shall include national 
     goals for technology development and shall describe the role 
     and responsibilities of each Federal agency that will carry 
     out the policy. In developing the policy, the President shall 
     utilize external studies that have been conducted on the 
     state of United States technology development and have 
     suggested policies to ensure continued competitiveness.
       ``(b) Content.--At a minimum, the national space technology 
     development policy shall describe for the Administration--
       ``(1) the priority areas of research for technology 
     investment;
       ``(2) the basis on which and the process by which 
     priorities for ensuing fiscal years will be selected;
       ``(3) the facilities and personnel needed to carry out the 
     technology development program; and
       ``(4) the budget assumptions on which the policy is based, 
     which for fiscal years 2011, 2012, and 2013 shall be the 
     authorized level for the Administration's technology program 
     authorized by the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-267, 
     124 Stat. 2805).
       ``(c) Policy Premise.--The policy shall be based on the 
     premise that the Federal Government has an established 
     interest in conducting research and development programs that 
     help preserve the role of the United States as a global 
     leader in space technologies and their application.
       ``(d) Considerations.--In developing the national space 
     technology development policy, the President shall consider 
     the following issues:
       ``(1) Long term and incremental development.--The extent to 
     which the Administration should focus on long term, high-risk 
     research or more incremental technology development, and the 
     expected impact of that decision on the United States 
     economy.
       ``(2) Military and commercial needs.--The extent to which 
     the Administration should address military and commercial 
     needs.
       ``(3) Coordination with federal agencies.--How the 
     Administration will coordinate its technology program with 
     other Federal agencies.
       ``(4) Administration, university, and industry research.--
     The extent to which the Administration will conduct research 
     in-house, fund university research, and collaborate on 
     industry research and the expected impact of that mix of 
     funding on the supply of United States workers for industry.
       ``(e) Consultation.--In the development of the national 
     space technology development policy, the President shall 
     consult widely with academic and industry experts and with 
     Federal agencies. The Administrator may enter into an 
     arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences to help 
     develop the policy.

     ``Sec. 40905. Commercial Reusable Suborbital Research Program

       ``(a) Finding That Suborbital Science Missions Are 
     Critical.--The report entitled Revitalizing NASA's Suborbital 
     Program: Advancing Science, Driving Innovation, and 
     Developing a Workforce (prepared by the Committee on NASA's 
     Suborbital Research Capabilities, Space Studies Board, 
     Division on Engineering and Physical Sciences, National 
     Research Council of the National Academies) found that 
     suborbital science missions are absolutely critical to 
     building an aerospace workforce capable of meeting the needs 
     of current and future human and robotic space exploration.
       ``(b) Establishment.--The Administrator shall establish a 
     Commercial Reusable Suborbital Research Program within the 
     Space Technology Program.
       ``(c) Management.--The Administrator shall designate an 
     officer or employee of the Space Technology Program to act as 
     the responsible official for the Commercial Reusable 
     Suborbital Research Program. The designee shall be 
     responsible for the development of short- and long-term 
     strategic plans for maintaining, renewing, and extending 
     suborbital facilities and capabilities.
       ``(d) Activities.--The Commercial Reusable Suborbital 
     Research Program--
       ``(1) shall fund the development of payloads for scientific 
     research, technology development, and education;
       ``(2) shall provide flight opportunities to microgravity 
     environments and suborbital altitudes for the payloads 
     referred to in paragraph (1);
       ``(3) may fund engineering and integration demonstrations, 
     proofs of concept, or educational experiments for commercial 
     reusable vehicle flights; and
       ``(4) shall endeavor to work with the Administration's 
     mission directorates to help achieve the Administration's 
     research, technology, and education goals.
       ``(e) Report.--The Administrator shall annually submit to 
     the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the 
     Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of 
     the House of Representatives a report describing progress in 
     carrying out the Commercial Reusable Suborbital Research 
     program, including the number and type of suborbital missions 
     planned in each fiscal year.''.
       (p) Enactment of Sections 49910 Through 49912.--
       (1) Chapter table of contents.--The chapter table of 
     contents of chapter 499 of title 51, United States Code (as 
     redesignated and amended by subsection (n)), is amended by 
     adding at the end the following:

``49910. Programs to support STEM education.
``49911. Supporting women's involvement in the fields of aerospace and 
              space exploration.
``49912. Internship and fellowship opportunities.''.
       (2) Enactment of sections.--Chapter 499 of title 51, United 
     States Code (as redesignated and amended by subsection (n)), 
     is amended by adding at the end the following:

     ``Sec. 49910. Programs to support STEM education

       ``(a) Definition of STEM.--In this section, the term `STEM' 
     means the academic and professional disciplines of science, 
     technology, engineering, and mathematics.
       ``(b) Educational Program Goals.--The Administration shall 
     develop and maintain educational programs to--
       ``(1) carry out and support research-based programs and 
     activities designed to increase student interest and 
     participation in STEM, including students from minority and 
     underrepresented groups;
       ``(2) improve public literacy in STEM;
       ``(3) employ proven strategies and methods for improving 
     student learning and teaching in STEM;
       ``(4) provide curriculum support materials and other 
     resources that--
       ``(A) are designed to be integrated with comprehensive STEM 
     education;
       ``(B) are aligned with national science education 
     standards; and
       ``(C) promote the adoption and implementation of high-
     quality education practices that build toward college and 
     career-readiness; and
       ``(5) create and support opportunities for enhanced and 
     ongoing professional development for teachers using best 
     practices that improve the STEM content and knowledge of the 
     teachers, including through programs linking STEM teachers 
     with STEM educators at the higher education level.
       ``(c) Cybersecurity in STEM Programs.--In carrying out any 
     STEM education program of the Administration, including a 
     program of the Office of STEM Engagement, the Administrator 
     shall, to the maximum extent practicable, encourage the 
     inclusion of cybersecurity education opportunities in the 
     program.

     ``Sec. 49911. Supporting women's involvement in the fields of 
       aerospace and space exploration

       ``The Administrator shall encourage women and girls to 
     study science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, 
     pursue careers in aerospace, and further advance the Nation's 
     space science and exploration efforts through support of the 
     following initiatives:
       ``(1) NASA GIRLS and NASA BOYS.
       ``(2) Aspire to Inspire.
       ``(3) Summer Institute in Science, Technology, Engineering, 
     and Research.

     ``Sec. 49912. Internship and fellowship opportunities

       ``Not later than October 1, 2018, the Administrator shall 
     institute a process to encourage the recruitment of qualified 
     candidates who are women or individuals who are 
     underrepresented in the fields of science, technology, 
     engineering, and mathematics (STEM) and computer science for 
     internships and fellowships at the Administration with 
     relevance to the aerospace sector and related fields.''.
       (q) Revision of Section 50905.--Section 50905 of title 51, 
     United States Code, is amended--
       (1) in the 2d sentence of subsection (a)(1), by striking 
     ``subsection (b)(2)(D)'' and inserting ``subsection 
     (b)(2)(E)'';
       (2) in the 3d sentence of subsection (a)(1), by striking 
     ``subsection (b)(2)(D)'' and inserting ``subsection 
     (b)(2)(E)'';
       (3) in the last sentence of subsection (a)(1), by striking 
     ``Committee on Science'' and inserting ``Committee on 
     Science, Space, and Technology'';
       (4) in subsection (b)(4)(B), by striking ``the date of 
     enactment of the Commercial Space Launch Amendments Act of 
     2004'' and inserting ``December 23, 2004'';
       (5) in subsection (b)(6)(A), by striking ``the date of 
     enactment of the Commercial Space Launch Amendments Act of 
     2004'' and inserting ``December 23, 2004''; and
       (6) in subsection (b)(6)(B), by striking ``the date of 
     enactment of the Commercial Space Launch Amendments Act of 
     2004'' and inserting ``December 23, 2004''.
       (r) Revision of Section 50922.--Section 50922 of title 51, 
     United States Code, is amended--
       (1) in subsection (a) (matter before paragraph (1)), by 
     striking ``the date of the enactment of this section,'' and 
     inserting ``October 28, 1998,'';
       (2) in subsection (b) (matter before paragraph (1)), by 
     striking ``the date of the enactment of this section,'' and 
     inserting ``October 28, 1998,'';
       (3) in subsection (c)(1)--
       (A) by striking ``the date of enactment of the Commercial 
     Space Launch Amendments Act of 2004,'' and inserting 
     ``December 23, 2004,'';
       (B) by striking ``that Act,'' and inserting ``the 
     Commercial Space Launch Amendments Act of 2004,''; and
       (C) by striking ``such date of enactment,'' and inserting 
     ``December 23, 2004,'';

[[Page H6240]]

       (4) in subsection (c)(2)(A)--
       (A) by striking ``the date of enactment of the Commercial 
     Space Launch Amendments Act of 2004,'' and inserting 
     ``December 23, 2004,''; and
       (B) by striking ``the Congress.'' and inserting 
     ``Congress.'';
       (5) in subsection (d)(2)--
       (A) by striking ``the date of enactment of the Commercial 
     Space Launch Amendments Act of 2004,'' and inserting 
     ``December 23, 2004,''; and
       (B) by striking ``that Act'' and inserting ``the Commercial 
     Space Launch Amendments Act of 2004''; and
       (6) in subsection (d)(3), by striking ``the date of 
     enactment of the Commercial Space Launch Amendments Act of 
     2004'' and inserting ``December 23, 2004,''.
       (s) Revision of Chapter 515.--
       (1) Table of contents.--Chapter 515 of title 51, United 
     States Code, is amended by inserting after the chapter 
     heading the following:

``Sec.
``51501. Establishment of Office of Spaceports.''.
       (2) Revision of section 51501.--Section 51501 of title 51, 
     United States Code, is amended--
       (A) by redesignating subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), and 
     (e) as subsections (b), (c), (d), (e), and (a), respectively, 
     and transferring subsection (a), as redesignated, to appear 
     at the beginning of the section;
       (B) in the heading for subsection (a), as redesignated, by 
     striking ``Definition'' and inserting ``Definition of 
     Spaceport'';
       (C) in subsection (a), as redesignated, by inserting a 
     comma after ``In this section'';
       (D) in subsection (b), as redesignated, by striking ``the 
     date of enactment of this section,'' and inserting ``October 
     5, 2018,''; and
       (E) in subsection (d), as redesignated--
       (i) by striking ``functions assigned in subsection (b),'' 
     and inserting ``functions assigned in subsection (c),''; and
       (ii) by striking ``host'' from the end of the matter before 
     paragraph (1) and inserting ``host'' at the beginning of 
     paragraph (1).
       (t) Enactment of Chapter 517.--Title 51, United States 
     Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 515 the 
     following:

    ``Chapter 517--DEVELOPMENT AND USE OF COMMERCIAL CARGO AND CREW 
                      TRANSPORTATION CAPABILITIES

``Sec.
``51701. Commercial development of cargo transportation capabilities.
``51702. Commercial development of crew transportation capabilities.
``51703. Commercial Crew Program.
``51704. Policy regarding fair and open competition for space 
              transportation services.
``51705. Transparency.

     ``Sec. 51701. Commercial development of cargo transportation 
       capabilities

       ``The Administrator shall continue to support the existing 
     Commercial Resupply Services program, aimed at enabling the 
     commercial space industry in support of the Administration to 
     develop reliable means of launching cargo and supplies to the 
     International Space Station throughout the duration of the 
     facility's operation. The Administrator may apply funds 
     toward the reduction of risk to the timely start of the 
     services, specifically--
       ``(1) efforts to conduct a flight test;
       ``(2) the acceleration of development; and
       ``(3) the development of the ground infrastructure needed 
     for commercial cargo capability.

     ``Sec. 51702. Commercial development of crew transportation 
       capabilities

       ``For the duration of the commercial crew development 
     program, the Administrator may support follow-on commercially 
     developed crew transportation systems dependent on the 
     completion of each of the following:
       ``(1) Human rating requirements.--The Administrator shall 
     develop and make available to the public detailed human 
     rating processes and requirements to guide the design of 
     commercially developed crew transportation capabilities, 
     which requirements shall be at least equivalent to proven 
     requirements for crew transportation in use as of October 11, 
     2010.
       ``(2) Procurement system review.--
       ``(A) Review of current practices and processes.--The 
     Administrator shall review current Government procurement and 
     acquisition practices and processes, including agreement 
     authorities under chapter 201 of this title, to determine the 
     most cost-effective means of procuring commercial crew 
     transportation capabilities and related services in a manner 
     that ensures appropriate accountability, transparency, and 
     maximum efficiency in the procurement of the capabilities and 
     services. The review shall include identification of proposed 
     measures to address--
       ``(i) risk management and means of indemnification of 
     commercial providers of the capabilities and services;
       ``(ii) quality control;
       ``(iii) safety oversight; and
       ``(iv) the application of Federal oversight processes 
     within the jurisdiction of other Federal agencies.
       ``(B) Review of proposed procurement.--A description of the 
     proposed procurement process and justification of the 
     proposed procurement for its selection shall be included in 
     any proposed initiation of procurement activity for 
     commercially developed crew transportation capabilities and 
     services and shall be subject to review by the Committee on 
     Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the 
     Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of 
     Representatives before the initiation of any competitive 
     process to procure the capabilities or services. In support 
     of the review by the committees, the Comptroller General 
     shall undertake an assessment of the proposed procurement 
     process and provide a report to the committees not later than 
     90 days after the date on which the Administrator provides 
     the description and justification to the committees.
       ``(3) Use of government-supplied capabilities and 
     infrastructure.--In evaluating any proposed development 
     activity for commercially developed crew or cargo launch 
     capabilities, the Administrator shall identify the 
     anticipated contribution of Government personnel, expertise, 
     technologies, and infrastructure to be utilized in support of 
     design, development, or operations of the capabilities. This 
     assessment shall include a clear delineation of the full 
     requirements for the commercial crew service (including the 
     contingency for crew rescue). The Administrator shall include 
     details and associated costs of such support as part of any 
     proposed development initiative for the procurement of 
     commercially developed crew or cargo launch capabilities or 
     services.
       ``(4) Flight demonstration and readiness requirements.--The 
     Administrator shall establish appropriate milestones and 
     minimum performance objectives to be achieved before 
     authority is granted to proceed to the procurement of 
     commercially developed crew transportation capabilities or 
     services. The guidelines shall include a procedure to provide 
     independent assurance of flight safety and flight readiness 
     before the authorization of United States government 
     personnel to participate as crew onboard any commercial 
     launch vehicle developed pursuant to this section.
       ``(5) Commercial crew rescue capabilities.--The provision 
     of a commercial capability to provide International Space 
     Station crew services shall include crew rescue requirements, 
     and shall be undertaken through the procurement process 
     initiated in conformance with this section. In the event such 
     development is initiated, the Administrator shall make 
     available any relevant government-owned intellectual property 
     deriving from the development of a multipurpose crew vehicle 
     authorized by this section and sections 71522 and 71523 of 
     this title to commercial entities involved with such crew 
     rescue capability development which shall be relevant to the 
     design of a crew rescue capability. In addition, the 
     Administrator shall seek to ensure that contracts for 
     development of the multipurpose crew vehicle contain 
     provisions for the licensing of relevant intellectual 
     property to participating commercial providers of any crew 
     rescue capability development undertaken pursuant to this 
     section. If 1 or more contractors involved with development 
     of the multipurpose crew vehicle seek to compete in 
     development of a commercial crew service with crew rescue 
     capability, separate legislative authority must be enacted to 
     enable the Administrator to provide funding for any 
     modifications of the multipurpose crew vehicle necessary to 
     fulfill the International Space Station crew rescue function.

     ``Sec. 51703. Commercial Crew Program

       ``(a) Objective.--The objective of the Commercial Crew 
     Program shall be to assist in the development and 
     certification of commercially provided transportation that--
       ``(1) can carry United States government astronauts 
     (meaning a United States government astronaut as defined in 
     section 50902 of this title, except it does not include an 
     individual who is an international partner astronaut) safely, 
     reliably, and affordably to and from the International Space 
     Station;
       ``(2) can serve as a crew rescue vehicle; and
       ``(3) can accomplish the goals stated in paragraphs (1) and 
     (2) as soon as practicable.
       ``(b) Primary Consideration.--The objective described in 
     subsection (a) shall be the primary consideration in the 
     acquisition strategy for the Commercial Crew Program.
       ``(c) Safety.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Administrator shall protect the 
     safety of government astronauts (as defined in section 50902 
     of this title) by ensuring that each commercially provided 
     transportation system under this section meets all applicable 
     human rating requirements in accordance with section 51702(1) 
     of this title.
       ``(2) Lessons learned.--Consistent with the findings and 
     recommendations of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board, 
     the Administration shall ensure that safety and the 
     minimization of the probability of loss of crew are the 
     critical priorities of the Commercial Crew Program.
       ``(d) Cost Minimization.--The Administrator shall strive 
     through the competitive selection process to minimize the 
     life cycle cost to the Administration through the planned 
     period of commercially provided crew transportation services.

     ``Sec. 51704. Policy regarding fair and open competition for 
       space transportation services

       ``It is the policy of the United States that, to foster the 
     competitive development, operation, improvement, and 
     commercial availability of space transportation services, and 
     to minimize the life cycle cost to the Administration, the 
     Administrator shall procure services for Federal Government 
     access to and return from the International Space Station, 
     whenever practicable, via fair and open competition for well-
     defined, milestone-based, Federal Acquisition Regulation-
     based contracts under section 71511(a) of this title.

[[Page H6241]]

  


     ``Sec. 51705. Transparency

       ``The Administrator shall, to the greatest extent 
     practicable and in a manner that does not add costs or 
     schedule delays to the program, ensure all Commercial Crew 
     Program and Commercial Resupply Services Program providers 
     provide evidence-based support for their costs and 
     schedules.''.
       (u) Revision of Section 60304.--
       (1) Revision of section.--Section 60304 of title 51, United 
     States Code, is amended--
       (A) in the section heading, by striking ``Program 
     evaluation'' and inserting ``Advisory committee'';
       (B) in subsection (a), by striking the subsection 
     designation ``(a)'' and the subsection heading ``Advisory 
     Committee.--''; and
       (C) by striking subsection (b).
       (2) Conforming amendment.--The chapter table of contents of 
     chapter 603 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by 
     striking the item relating to section 60304 and inserting the 
     following:

``60304. Advisory committee.''.
       (v) Enactment of Sections 60507 Through 60510.--
       (1) Chapter table of contents.--The chapter table of 
     contents of chapter 605 of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by adding at the end the following:

``60507. Interagency collaboration implementation approach.
``60508. Transitioning experimental research to operations.
``60509. Decadal Survey missions implementation for Earth observation.
``60510. Instrument testbeds and venture class missions.''.
       (2) Enactment of sections.--Chapter 605 of title 51, United 
     States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:

     ``Sec. 60507. Interagency collaboration implementation 
       approach

       ``The Director of the Office of Science and Technology 
     Policy shall establish a mechanism to ensure greater 
     coordination of the research, operations, and activities 
     relating to civilian Earth observation of Federal agencies, 
     including the Administration, that have active programs that 
     contribute either directly or indirectly to those areas. The 
     mechanism should include the development of a strategic 
     implementation plan that is updated at least every 3 years 
     with a process for external independent advisory input. The 
     strategic implementation plan should include--
       ``(1) a description of the responsibilities of the various 
     Federal agency roles in Earth observations;
       ``(2) recommended cost-sharing and procurement arrangements 
     between Federal agencies and other entities, including 
     international arrangements; and
       ``(3) a plan for ensuring the provision of sustained, long-
     term space-based climate observations.

     ``Sec. 60508. Transitioning experimental research to 
       operations

       ``Based on the implementation plan provided to Congress in 
     March 2011, the Administrator shall coordinate with the 
     Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
     Administration and the Director of the United States 
     Geological Survey to establish a formal mechanism that plans, 
     coordinates, and supports the transitioning of the research 
     findings, assets, and capabilities of the Administration to 
     the operations of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
     Administration and the United States Geological Survey. In 
     defining the mechanism, the Administration should consider 
     the establishment of a formal or informal interagency 
     transition office.

     ``Sec. 60509. Decadal Survey missions implementation for 
       Earth observation

       ``The Administrator shall undertake to implement, as 
     appropriate, missions identified in the National Research 
     Council's Earth Science Decadal Survey within the scope of 
     the funds authorized for the Earth Science Mission 
     Directorate.

     ``Sec. 60510. Instrument testbeds and venture class missions

       ``The Administrator shall pursue innovative ways to fly 
     instrument-level payloads for early demonstration or as co-
     manifested payloads. Congress encourages the use of the 
     International Space Station as an accessible platform for the 
     conduct of such activities. Additionally, in order to address 
     the cost and schedule challenges associated with large flight 
     systems, the Administrator should pursue smaller systems to 
     the extent practicable and warranted.''.
       (w) Revision of Chapter 709.--
       (1) Chapter table of contents.--The chapter table of 
     contents of chapter 709 of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by adding at the end the following:

``70908. Continuation of the International Space Station.
``70909. Maximum utilization of the International Space Station.
``70910. Operation, maintenance, and maximum utilization of United 
              States segment.
``70911. Management of national laboratory.
``70912. Primary objectives of International Space Station program.''.
       (2) Technical amendment to section 70902.--Section 70902 of 
     title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking 
     ``section 40904'' and inserting ``section 49904''.
       (3) Technical amendment to section 70903.--Section 70903(1) 
     of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking 
     ``section 40904'' and inserting ``section 49904''.
       (4) Technical amendments to section 70904.--Section 70904 
     of title 51, United States Code, is amended--
       (A) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ``section 40904'' and 
     inserting ``section 49904'';
       (B) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ``Committee on 
     Science and Technology'' and inserting ``Committee on 
     Science, Space, and Technology''; and
       (C) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ``Committee on 
     Science and Technology'' and inserting ``Committee on 
     Science, Space, and Technology''.
       (5) Enactment of sections 70908 through 70912.--Chapter 709 
     of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the 
     end the following:

     ``Sec. 70908. Continuation of the International Space Station

       ``(a) Policy.--It shall be the policy of the United States, 
     in consultation with its international partners in the 
     International Space Station program, to support full and 
     complete utilization of the International Space Station 
     through at least September 30, 2030.
       ``(b) Actions.--In furtherance of the policy set forth in 
     subsection (a), the Administration shall--
       ``(1) pursue international, commercial, and 
     intragovernmental means to maximize International Space 
     Station logistics supply, maintenance, and operational 
     capabilities, reduce risks to International Space Station 
     systems sustainability, and offset and minimize United States 
     operations costs relating to the International Space Station;
       ``(2) utilize, to the extent practicable, the International 
     Space Station for the development of capabilities and 
     technologies needed for the future of human space exploration 
     beyond low-Earth orbit; and
       ``(3) utilize, if practical and cost effective, the 
     International Space Station for Science Mission Directorate 
     missions in low-Earth orbit.

     ``Sec. 70909. Maximum utilization of the International Space 
       Station

       ``(a) In General.--With assembly of the International Space 
     Station complete, the Administration shall take steps to 
     maximize the productivity and use of the International Space 
     Station with respect to scientific and technological research 
     and development, advancement of space exploration, and 
     international collaboration.
       ``(b) Actions.--In carrying out subsection (a), the 
     Administration shall, at a minimum, undertake the following:
       ``(1) Innovative use of u.s. segment.--The United States 
     segment of the International Space Station, which has been 
     designated as a national laboratory, shall be developed, 
     managed, and utilized in a manner that enables the effective 
     and innovative use of the facility, as provided in section 
     70911 of this title.
       ``(2) International cooperation.--
       ``(A) Definition of near-earth space.--In this paragraph, 
     the term `near-Earth space' means the region of space that 
     includes low-Earth orbit and extends out to and includes geo-
     synchronous orbit.
       ``(B) Use of international space station.--The 
     International Space Station shall continue to be utilized as 
     a key component of international efforts to build missions 
     and capabilities that further the development of a human 
     presence beyond near-Earth space and advance United States 
     security and economic goals. The Administrator shall actively 
     seek ways to encourage and enable the use of International 
     Space Station capabilities to support those efforts.
       ``(3) Domestic collaboration.--The operations, management, 
     and utilization of the International Space Station shall be 
     conducted in a manner that provides opportunities for 
     collaboration with other research programs and objectives of 
     the United States Government in cooperation with commercial 
     suppliers, users, and developers.

     ``Sec. 70910. Operation, maintenance, and maximum utilization 
       of United States segment

       ``(a) In General.--The Administrator shall take all actions 
     necessary to ensure the safe and effective operation, 
     maintenance, and maximum utilization of the United States 
     segment of the International Space Station through at least 
     September 30, 2030.
       ``(b) Planning, Management, and Support.--Utilization of 
     research facilities and capabilities aboard the International 
     Space Station (other than exploration-related research and 
     technology development facilities and capabilities, and 
     associated ground support and logistics) shall be planned, 
     managed, and supported as provided in section 70911 of this 
     title. Exploration-related research and technology 
     development facilities, capabilities, and associated ground 
     support and logistics shall be planned, managed, and 
     supported by the appropriate Administration organizations and 
     officials in a manner that does not interfere with other 
     activities under section 70911 of this title.

     ``Sec. 70911. Management of national laboratory

       ``(a) Cooperative Agreement With Not-for-Profit 
     Organization for Management of National Laboratory.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Administrator shall provide initial 
     financial assistance and enter into a cooperative agreement 
     with an appropriate organization that is exempt from taxation 
     under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
     (26 U.S.C. 501(c)(3)) to manage the activities of the 
     International Space Station national laboratory in accordance 
     with this section.
       ``(2) Qualifications.--The organization with which the 
     Administrator enters into

[[Page H6242]]

     the cooperative agreement shall develop the capabilities to 
     implement research and development projects utilizing the 
     International Space Station national laboratory and to 
     otherwise manage the activities of the International Space 
     Station national laboratory.
       ``(3) Prohibition on other activities.--The cooperative 
     agreement shall require the organization entering into the 
     agreement to engage exclusively in activities relating to the 
     management of the International Space Station national 
     laboratory and activities that promote its long-term research 
     and development mission as required by this section, without 
     any other organizational objectives or responsibilities on 
     behalf of the organization or any parent organization or 
     other entity.
       ``(b) Administration Liaison.--
       ``(1) Designation.--The Administrator shall designate an 
     official or employee of the Space Operations Mission 
     Directorate of the Administration to act as liaison between 
     the Administration and the organization with which the 
     Administrator enters into a cooperative agreement under 
     subsection (a) with regard to the management of the 
     International Space Station national laboratory.
       ``(2) Consultation with liaison.--The cooperative agreement 
     shall require the organization entering into the agreement to 
     carry out its responsibilities under the agreement in 
     cooperation and consultation with the official or employee 
     designated under paragraph (1).
       ``(c) Planning and Coordination of National Laboratory 
     Research Activities.--The Administrator shall provide initial 
     financial assistance to the organization with which the 
     Administrator enters into a cooperative agreement under 
     subsection (a), in order for the organization to initiate the 
     following:
       ``(1) Planning and coordination of the International Space 
     Station national laboratory research activities.
       ``(2) Development and implementation of guidelines, 
     selection criteria, and flight support requirements for non-
     Administration scientific utilization of International Space 
     Station research capabilities and facilities available in 
     United States-owned modules of the International Space 
     Station or in partner-owned facilities of the International 
     Space Station allocated to United States utilization by 
     international agreement.
       ``(3) Interaction with and integration of the International 
     Space Station National Laboratory Advisory Committee 
     established under section 70906 of this title with the 
     governance of the organization, and review of recommendations 
     provided by that Committee regarding agreements with non-
     Administration departments and agencies of the United States 
     Government, academic institutions and consortia, and 
     commercial entities leading to the utilization of the 
     International Space Station national laboratory facilities.
       ``(4) Coordination of transportation requirements in 
     support of the International Space Station national 
     laboratory research and development objectives, including 
     provision for delivery of instruments, logistics support, and 
     related experiment materials, and provision for return to 
     Earth of collected samples, materials, and scientific 
     instruments in need of replacement or upgrade.
       ``(5) Cooperation with the Administration, other 
     departments and agencies of the United States Government, the 
     States, and commercial entities in ensuring the enhancement 
     and sustained operations of non-exploration-related research 
     payload ground support facilities for the International Space 
     Station, including the Space Life Sciences Laboratory, the 
     Space Station Processing Facility, and the Payload Operations 
     Integration Center.
       ``(6) Development and implementation of scientific outreach 
     and education activities designed to ensure effective 
     utilization of International Space Station research 
     capabilities, including the conduct of scientific assemblies, 
     conferences, and other fora for the presentation of research 
     findings, methods, and mechanisms for the dissemination of 
     non-restricted research findings and the development of 
     educational programs, course supplements, and interaction 
     with educational programs at all grade levels, including 
     student-focused research opportunities for conduct of 
     research in the International Space Station national 
     laboratory facilities.
       ``(7) Other matters relating to the utilization of the 
     International Space Station national laboratory facilities 
     for research and development as the Administrator considers 
     appropriate.
       ``(d) Research Capacity Allocation and Integration of 
     Research Payloads.--
       ``(1) Allocation of international space station research 
     capacity.--The International Space Station national 
     laboratory managed experiments shall be guaranteed access to, 
     and utilization of, not less than 50 percent of the United 
     States research capacity allocation, including power, cold 
     stowage, and requisite crew time onboard the International 
     Space Station through at least September 30, 2030. Access to 
     the International Space Station research capacity includes 
     provision for the adequate upmass and downmass capabilities 
     to utilize the International Space Station research capacity, 
     as available. The Administrator may allocate additional 
     capacity to the International Space Station national 
     laboratory should such capacity be in excess of 
     Administration research requirements.
       ``(2) Additional research capabilities.--If any 
     Administration research plan is determined to require 
     research capacity onboard the International Space Station 
     beyond the percentage allocated under paragraph (1), the 
     research plan shall be prepared in the form of a requested 
     research opportunity to be submitted to the process 
     established under this section for the consideration of 
     proposed research within the capacity allocated to the 
     International Space Station national laboratory. A proposal 
     for such a research plan may include the establishment of 
     partnerships with non-Administration institutions eligible to 
     propose research to be conducted within the International 
     Space Station national laboratory capacity. Until at least 
     September 30, 2030, the official or employee designated under 
     subsection (b) may grant an exception to this requirement in 
     the case of a proposed experiment considered essential for 
     purposes of preparing for exploration beyond low-Earth orbit, 
     as determined by joint agreement between the organization 
     with which the Administrator enters into a cooperative 
     agreement under subsection (a) and the official or employee 
     designated under subsection (b).
       ``(3) Research priorities and enhanced capacity.--The 
     organization with which the Administrator enters into the 
     cooperative agreement shall consider recommendations of the 
     National Academies Decadal Survey on Biological and Physical 
     Sciences in Space in establishing research priorities and in 
     developing proposed enhancements of research capacity and 
     opportunities for the International Space Station national 
     laboratory.
       ``(4) Responsibility for research payload.--The 
     Administration shall retain its roles and responsibilities in 
     providing research payload physical, analytical, and 
     operations integration during pre-flight, post-flight, 
     transportation, and orbital phases essential to ensure safe 
     and effective flight readiness and vehicle integration of 
     research activities approved and prioritized by the 
     organization with which the Administrator enters into the 
     cooperative agreement and the official or employee designated 
     under subsection (b).

     ``Sec. 70912. Primary objectives of International Space 
       Station program

       ``The primary objectives of the International Space Station 
     program shall be--
       ``(1) to achieve the long term goal and objectives under 
     section 71512 of this title; and
       ``(2) to pursue a research program that advances knowledge 
     and provides other benefits to the Nation.''.
       (x) Revision of Section 71102.--Section 71102(1) of title 
     51, United States Code, is amended by striking ``attaching a 
     tracking device,'' and inserting ``attaching a tracking 
     device to,''.
       (y) Enactment of Chapter 715.--Title 51, United States 
     Code, is amended as follows:
       (1) Content.--Title 51, United States Code, is amended by 
     adding after chapter 713 the following:

           ``Chapter 715--HUMAN SPACE FLIGHT AND EXPLORATION

``SUBCHAPTER I--GENERAL PROVISIONS
``Sec.
``71501. Definitions.

``SUBCHAPTER II--POLICY, GOALS, AND OBJECTIVES
``71511. Human space flight policy.
``71512. Goals and objectives.

``SUBCHAPTER III--EXPANSION OF HUMAN SPACE FLIGHT BEYOND THE 
    INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION AND LOW-EARTH ORBIT
``71521. Space Launch System as follow-on launch vehicle to the space 
              shuttle.
``71522. Multipurpose crew vehicle.
``71523. Utilization of existing workforce and assets in development of 
              Space Launch System and multipurpose crew vehicle.
``71524. Launch support and infrastructure modernization program.
``71525. Development of technologies and in-space capabilities for 
              beyond near-Earth space missions.

``SUBCHAPTER IV--SPACE SCIENCE
``71541. Technology development.
``71542. Suborbital research activities.
``71543. In-space servicing.
``71544. Ongoing restoration of radioisotope thermoelectric generator 
              material production.
``71545. Coordinated approach for robotic missions.
``71546. Near-Earth object survey and policy with respect to threats 
              posed.

                   ``Subchapter I--GENERAL PROVISIONS

     ``Sec. 71501. Definitions

       ``In this chapter:
       ``(1) Cis-lunar space.--The term `cis-lunar space' means 
     the region of space from the Earth out to and including the 
     region around the surface of the Moon.
       ``(2) Deep space.--The term `deep space' means the region 
     of space beyond cis-lunar space.
       ``(3) Near-earth space.--The term `near-Earth space' means 
     the region of space that includes low-Earth orbit and extends 
     out to and includes geo-synchronous orbit.
       ``(4) Space launch system.--The term `Space Launch System' 
     means the follow-on Government-owned civil launch system 
     developed, managed, and operated by the Administration to 
     serve as a key component to expand human presence beyond low-
     Earth orbit.

[[Page H6243]]

  


             ``Subchapter II--POLICY, GOALS, AND OBJECTIVES

     ``Sec. 71511. Human space flight policy

       ``(a) Use of Non-United States Human Space Flight 
     Transportation Services.--
       ``(1) Definitions.--In this subsection:
       ``(A) Commercial provider.--The term `commercial provider' 
     means any person providing human space flight transportation 
     services, primary control of which is held by persons other 
     than the Federal Government, a State or local government, or 
     a foreign government.
       ``(B) Qualified foreign entity.--The term `qualified 
     foreign entity' means a foreign entity that is in compliance 
     with all applicable safety standards and is not prohibited 
     from providing space transportation services under other law.
       ``(C) United states commercial provider.--The term `United 
     States commercial provider' means a commercial provider, 
     organized under the laws of the United States or of a State, 
     that is more than 50 percent owned by United States 
     nationals.
       ``(2) In general.--The Federal Government may not acquire 
     human space flight transportation services from a foreign 
     entity unless--
       ``(A) no United States Government-operated human space 
     flight capability is available;
       ``(B) no United States commercial provider is available; 
     and
       ``(C) it is a qualified foreign entity.
       ``(3) Arrangements with foreign entities.--Nothing in this 
     subsection shall prevent the Administrator from negotiating 
     or entering into human space flight transportation 
     arrangements with foreign entities to ensure safety of flight 
     and continued International Space Station operations.
       ``(b) United States Human Space Flight Capabilities.--
     Congress reaffirms the policy stated in section 70501(a) of 
     this title that the United States shall maintain an 
     uninterrupted capability for human space flight and 
     operations in low-Earth orbit, and beyond, as an essential 
     instrument of national security and of the capacity to ensure 
     continued United States participation and leadership in the 
     exploration and utilization of space.

     ``Sec. 71512. Goals and objectives

       ``(a) Long-Term Goals.--The long-term goals of the human 
     space flight and exploration efforts of the Administration 
     shall be--
       ``(1) to expand permanent human presence beyond low-Earth 
     orbit and to do so, where practical, in a manner involving 
     international, academic, and industry partners;
       ``(2) crewed missions and progress toward achieving the 
     goal in paragraph (1) to enable the potential for subsequent 
     human exploration and the extension of human presence 
     throughout the solar system; and
       ``(3) to enable a capability to extend human presence, 
     including potential human habitation on another celestial 
     body and a thriving space economy in the 21st century.
       ``(b) Key Objectives.--The key objectives of the United 
     States for human expansion into space shall be--
       ``(1) to sustain the capability for long-duration presence 
     in low-Earth orbit, initially through continuation of the 
     International Space Station and full utilization of the 
     United States segment of the International Space Station as a 
     national laboratory, and through assisting and enabling an 
     expanded commercial presence in, and access to, low-Earth 
     orbit, as elements of a low-Earth orbit infrastructure;
       ``(2) to determine whether humans can live for extended 
     periods in space with decreasing reliance on Earth, starting 
     with utilization of low-Earth orbit infrastructure, to--
       ``(A) identify potential roles that space resources such as 
     energy and materials can play;
       ``(B) meet national and global needs and challenges such as 
     potential cataclysmic threats; and
       ``(C) explore the viability of and lay the foundation for 
     sustainable economic activities in space;
       ``(3) to maximize the role that human exploration of space 
     can play in--
       ``(A) advancing overall knowledge of the universe;
       ``(B) supporting United States national and economic 
     security and the United States global competitive posture; 
     and
       ``(C) inspiring young people in their educational pursuits;
       ``(4) to build on the cooperative and mutually beneficial 
     framework established by the International Space Station 
     partnership agreements and experience in developing and 
     undertaking programs and meeting objectives designed to 
     realize the goal of human space flight set forth in 
     subsection (a); and
       ``(5) to achieve human exploration of Mars and beyond 
     through the prioritization of those technologies and 
     capabilities best suited for such a mission in accordance 
     with the stepping stone approach to exploration under section 
     70504 of this title.

     ``Subchapter III--EXPANSION OF HUMAN SPACE FLIGHT BEYOND THE 
            INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION AND LOW-EARTH ORBIT

     ``Sec. 71521. Space Launch System as follow-on launch vehicle 
       to the space shuttle

       ``(a) Policy.--It is the policy of the United States that 
     the Administration develop a Space Launch System as a follow-
     on to the space shuttle that can access cis-lunar space and 
     the regions of space beyond low-Earth orbit in order to 
     enable the United States to participate in global efforts to 
     access and develop that increasingly strategic region.
       ``(b) Initiation of Development.--
       ``(1) In general.--As soon as practicable after October 11, 
     2010, the Administrator shall initiate development of a Space 
     Launch System meeting the minimum capability requirements 
     specified in subsection (c).
       ``(2) Modification of current contracts.--In order to limit 
     the Administration's termination liability costs and support 
     critical capabilities, the Administrator shall, to the extent 
     practicable, extend or modify existing (as of October 11, 
     2010) vehicle development and associated contracts necessary 
     to meet the requirement in paragraph (1), including contracts 
     for ground testing of solid rocket motors, if necessary, to 
     ensure their availability for development of the Space Launch 
     System.
       ``(c) Minimum Capability Requirements.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Space Launch System developed 
     pursuant to subsection (b) shall be designed to have, at a 
     minimum, the following:
       ``(A) The initial capability of the core elements, without 
     an upper stage, of lifting payloads weighing between 70 and 
     100 tons into low-Earth orbit in preparation for transit for 
     missions beyond low-Earth orbit.
       ``(B) The capability to carry an integrated upper Earth 
     departure stage bringing the total lift capability of the 
     Space Launch System to 130 tons or more.
       ``(C) The capability to lift the multipurpose crew vehicle.
       ``(D) The capability to serve as a backup system for 
     supplying and supporting International Space Station cargo 
     delivery requirements or crew delivery requirements not 
     otherwise met by available commercial or partner-supplied 
     vehicles.
       ``(E) The capacity for efficient and timely evolution, 
     including the incorporation of new technologies, competition 
     of sub-elements, and commercial operations.
       ``(2) Flexibility.--The Space Launch System shall be 
     designed from inception as a fully integrated vehicle capable 
     of carrying a total payload of 130 tons or more into low-
     Earth orbit in preparation for transit for missions beyond 
     low-Earth orbit. The Space Launch System shall, to the extent 
     practicable, incorporate capabilities for evolutionary growth 
     to carry heavier payloads. Developmental work and testing of 
     the core elements and the upper stage should proceed in 
     parallel subject to appropriations. Priority should be placed 
     on the core elements with the goal for operational capability 
     for the core elements not later than December 31, 2016.
       ``(3) Transition needs.--The Administrator shall ensure 
     that critical skills and capabilities are retained, modified, 
     and developed, as appropriate, in areas relating to solid and 
     liquid engines, large diameter fuel tanks, rocket propulsion, 
     and other ground test capabilities for an effective 
     transition to the follow-on Space Launch System.

     ``Sec. 71522. Multipurpose crew vehicle

       ``(a) Initiation of Development.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Administrator shall continue the 
     development of a multipurpose crew vehicle to be available as 
     soon as practicable, and no later than for use with the Space 
     Launch System. The vehicle shall continue to advance 
     development of the human safety features, designs, and 
     systems in the Orion project.
       ``(2) Goal for operational capability.--It shall be the 
     goal to achieve full operational capability for the 
     transportation vehicle developed pursuant to this subsection 
     by not later than December 31, 2016. For purposes of meeting 
     such goal, the Administrator may undertake a test of the 
     transportation vehicle at the International Space Station 
     before that date.
       ``(b) Minimum Capability Requirements.--The multipurpose 
     crew vehicle developed pursuant to subsection (a) shall be 
     designed to have, at a minimum, the following:
       ``(1) The capability to serve as the primary crew vehicle 
     for missions beyond low-Earth orbit.
       ``(2) The capability to conduct regular in-space 
     operations, such as rendezvous, docking, and extra-vehicular 
     activities, in conjunction with payloads delivered by the 
     Space Launch System developed pursuant to section 71521 of 
     this title, or other vehicles, in preparation for missions 
     beyond low-Earth orbit or servicing of assets described in 
     section 71543 of this title, or other assets in cis-lunar 
     space.
       ``(3) The capability to provide an alternative means of 
     delivery of crew and cargo to the International Space 
     Station, in the event other vehicles, whether commercial 
     vehicles or partner-supplied vehicles, are unable to perform 
     that function.
       ``(4) The capacity for efficient and timely evolution, 
     including the incorporation of new technologies, competition 
     of sub-elements, and commercial operations.

     ``Sec. 71523. Utilization of existing workforce and assets in 
       development of Space Launch System and multipurpose crew 
       vehicle

       ``(a) In General.--In developing the Space Launch System 
     pursuant to section 71521 of this title and the multipurpose 
     crew vehicle pursuant to section 71522 of this title, the 
     Administrator shall, to the extent practicable, utilize--
       ``(1) existing (as of October 11, 2010) contracts, 
     investments, workforce, industrial base, and capabilities 
     from the space shuttle and Orion and Ares 1 projects, 
     including--
       ``(A) spacesuit development activities for application to, 
     and coordinated development

[[Page H6244]]

     of, a multipurpose crew vehicle suit and associated life-
     support requirements with potential development of standard 
     Administration-certified suit and life support systems for 
     use in alternative commercially developed crew transportation 
     systems; and
       ``(B) space shuttle-derived components and Ares 1 
     components that use existing (as of October 11, 2010) United 
     States propulsion systems, including liquid fuel engines, 
     external tank or tank-related capability, and solid rocket 
     motor engines; and
       ``(2) associated testing facilities in existence or under 
     construction as of October 11, 2010.
       ``(b) Discharge of Requirements.--In meeting the 
     requirements of subsection (a), the Administrator--
       ``(1) shall, to the extent practicable, utilize ground-
     based manufacturing capability, ground testing activities, 
     launch and operations infrastructure, and workforce 
     expertise;
       ``(2) shall, to the extent practicable, minimize the 
     modification and development of ground infrastructure and 
     maximize the utilization of existing (as of October 11, 2010) 
     software, vehicle, and mission operations processes;
       ``(3) shall complete construction and activation of the A-3 
     test stand with a completion goal of September 30, 2013;
       ``(4) may procure, develop, and flight test applicable 
     components; and
       ``(5) shall take appropriate actions to ensure timely and 
     cost-effective development of the Space Launch System and the 
     multipurpose crew vehicle, including the use of a procurement 
     approach that incorporates adequate and effective oversight, 
     the facilitation of contractor efficiencies, and the 
     streamlining of contract and procurement requirements.
       ``(c) Continuation of Contractor Support.--The 
     Administrator may not terminate any contract that provides 
     the system transitions necessary for shuttle-derived hardware 
     to be used on the Space Launch System described in section 
     71521 of this title or the multipurpose crew vehicle 
     described in section 71522 of this title.

     ``Sec. 71524. Launch support and infrastructure modernization 
       program

       ``(a) In General.--The Administrator shall carry out a 
     program the primary purpose of which is to prepare 
     infrastructure at the Kennedy Space Center that is needed to 
     enable processing and launch of the Space Launch System. 
     Vehicle interfaces and other ground processing and payload 
     integration areas should be simplified to minimize overall 
     costs, enhance safety, and complement the purpose of this 
     section.
       ``(b) Elements.--The program required by this section shall 
     include--
       ``(1) investments to improve civil and national security 
     operations at the Kennedy Space Center, to enhance the 
     overall capabilities of the Center, and to reduce the long-
     term cost of operations and maintenance;
       ``(2) measures to provide multi-vehicle support, 
     improvements in payload processing, and partnering at the 
     Kennedy Space Center; and
       ``(3) other measures that the Administrator considers 
     appropriate, including investments to improve launch 
     infrastructure at Administration flight facilities scheduled 
     to launch cargo to the International Space Station under the 
     program to develop commercial cargo transportation 
     capabilities.

     ``Sec. 71525. Development of technologies and in-space 
       capabilities for beyond near-Earth space missions

       ``(a) Development Authorized.--The Administrator may 
     initiate activities to develop the following:
       ``(1) Technologies identified as necessary elements of 
     missions beyond low-Earth orbit.
       ``(2) In-space capabilities such as refueling and storage 
     technology, orbital transfer stages, innovative in-space 
     propulsion technology, communications, and data management 
     that facilitate a broad range of users (including military 
     and commercial).
       ``(3) Applications defining the architecture and design of 
     missions beyond low-Earth orbit.
       ``(4) Spacesuit development and associated life support 
     technology.
       ``(5) Flagship missions.
       ``(b) Investments.--In developing technologies and 
     capabilities under subsection (a), the Administrator may make 
     investments in--
       ``(1) space technologies such as advanced propulsion, 
     propellant depots, in situ resource utilization, and robotic 
     payloads or capabilities that enable human missions beyond 
     low-Earth orbit ultimately leading to Mars;
       ``(2) a space-based transfer vehicle including technologies 
     described in paragraph (1) with an ability to conduct space-
     based operations that provide capabilities--
       ``(A) to integrate with the Space Launch System and other 
     space-based systems;
       ``(B) to provide opportunities for in-space servicing of 
     and delivery to multiple space-based platforms; and
       ``(C) to facilitate international efforts to expand human 
     presence to deep space destinations;
       ``(3) advanced life support technologies and capabilities;
       ``(4) technologies and capabilities relating to in-space 
     power, propulsion, and energy systems;
       ``(5) technologies and capabilities relating to in-space 
     propellant transfer and storage;
       ``(6) technologies and capabilities relating to in situ 
     resource utilization; and
       ``(7) expanded research to understand the greatest 
     biological impediments to human deep space missions, 
     especially the radiation challenge.
       ``(c) Utilization of International Space Station as 
     Testbed.--The Administrator may utilize the International 
     Space Station as a testbed for any technology or capability 
     developed under subsection (a) in a manner consistent with 
     sections 70908 through 70911 of this title.
       ``(d) Coordination.--The Administrator shall coordinate 
     development of technologies and capabilities under this 
     section through an overall Administration technology approach 
     consistent with the plan required by section 905 of the 
     National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization 
     Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-267, 124 Stat. 2836), which 
     outlines how the Administration's space technology program 
     will meet the goal described in section 40903 of this title, 
     including an explanation of how the plan will link to other 
     mission-directorate technology efforts.

                     ``Subchapter IV--SPACE SCIENCE

     ``Sec. 71541. Technology development

       ``The Administrator shall ensure that the Science Mission 
     Directorate maintains a long-term technology development 
     program for space and Earth science. That effort should be 
     coordinated with an overall Administration technology 
     investment approach consistent with the plan required by 
     section 905 of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-267, 
     124 Stat. 2836), which outlines how the Administration's 
     space technology program will meet the goal described in 
     section 40903 of this title, including an explanation of how 
     the plan will link to other mission-directorate technology 
     efforts.

     ``Sec. 71542. Suborbital research activities

       ``(a) Management.--The Administrator shall designate an 
     officer or employee of the Science Mission Directorate to act 
     as the responsible official for all Suborbital Research in 
     the Science Mission Directorate. The designee shall be 
     responsible for--
       ``(1) the development of short- and long-term strategic 
     plans for maintaining, renewing, and extending suborbital 
     facilities and capabilities;
       ``(2) monitoring progress toward goals in the plans; and
       ``(3) integration of suborbital activities and workforce 
     development within the Administration, thereby ensuring the 
     long-term recognition of their combined value to the 
     Directorate, to the Administration, and to the Nation.
       ``(b) Establishment of Suborbital Research Program.--The 
     Administrator shall establish a Suborbital Research Program 
     within the Science Mission Directorate that shall include the 
     use of sounding rockets, aircraft, high altitude balloons, 
     suborbital reusable launch vehicles, and commercial launch 
     vehicles to advance science and train the next generation of 
     scientists and engineers in systems engineering and systems 
     integration, which are vital to maintaining critical skills 
     in the aerospace workforce. The program shall integrate 
     existing (as of October 11, 2010) suborbital research 
     programs with orbital missions at the discretion of the 
     designated officer or employee and shall emphasize the 
     participation of undergraduate and graduate students and 
     post-doctoral researchers when formulating announcements of 
     opportunity.
       ``(c) Annual Report.--The Administrator shall report 
     annually to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
     Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, 
     Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives on the 
     number and type of suborbital missions conducted in each 
     fiscal year under this section and the number of 
     undergraduate and graduate students that participated in the 
     missions.

     ``Sec. 71543. In-space servicing

       ``The Administrator shall continue to take all necessary 
     steps to ensure that provisions are made for robotic or human 
     in-space servicing and repair of all future observatory-class 
     scientific spacecraft intended to be deployed in Earth-orbit 
     or at a Lagrangian point to the extent practicable and 
     appropriate. The Administrator should ensure that 
     Administration investments and future capabilities for space 
     technology, robotics, and human space flight take the ability 
     to service and repair observatory-class scientific spacecraft 
     into account, as appropriate, and incorporate those 
     capabilities into design and operational plans.

     ``Sec. 71544. Ongoing restoration of radioisotope 
       thermoelectric generator material production

       ``The Administrator shall, in coordination with the 
     Secretary of Energy, pursue a joint approach beginning in 
     fiscal year 2011 toward restarting and sustaining the 
     domestic production of radioisotope thermoelectric generator 
     material for deep space and other science and exploration 
     missions. Funds authorized by the National Aeronautics and 
     Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 
     111-267, 124 Stat. 2805) for the Administration shall be made 
     available under a reimbursable agreement with the Department 
     of Energy for the purpose of reestablishing facilities to 
     produce fuel required for radioisotope thermoelectric 
     generators to enable future missions.

     ``Sec. 71545. Coordinated approach for robotic missions

       ``The Administrator shall ensure that the Exploration 
     Systems Mission Directorate

[[Page H6245]]

     and the Space Operations Mission Directorate coordinate with 
     the Science Mission Directorate on an overall approach and 
     plan for interagency and international collaboration on 
     robotic missions that are developed by the Administration or 
     internationally developed, including lunar, Lagrangian, near-
     Earth orbit, and Mars spacecraft, such as the International 
     Lunar Network.

     ``Sec. 71546. Near-Earth object survey and policy with 
       respect to threats posed

       ``(a) Policy Reaffirmation.--Congress reaffirms the policy 
     set forth in section 20102(g) of this title relating to 
     surveying near-Earth asteroids and comets.
       ``(b) Implementation.--Consistent with section 71103 of 
     this title, the Director of the Office of Science and 
     Technology Policy shall implement, before September 30, 2012, 
     a policy for notifying Federal agencies and relevant 
     emergency response institutions of an impending near-Earth 
     object threat if near-term public safety is at risk, and 
     assign a Federal agency or agencies to be responsible for 
     protecting the United States and working with the 
     international community on such threats.''.
       (2) Chapter heading typeface.--The chapter heading of 
     chapter 715 of title 51, United States Code, as added by 
     paragraph (1), is amended so that the typeface of that 
     chapter heading conforms to the typeface of other chapter 
     headings in title 51, United States Code.
       (3) Chapter table of contents typeface.--The chapter table 
     of contents of chapter 715 of title 51, United States Code, 
     as added by paragraph (1), is amended so that the typeface of 
     the subchapter headings and the typeface of the subchapter 
     items conform to those appearing in other chapter table of 
     contents of title 51.
       (4) Subchapter heading typeface.--The subchapter headings 
     for subchapters I through IV of chapter 715 of title 51, 
     United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), are amended so 
     that the typeface of those subchapter headings conforms to 
     the typeface of subchapter headings in other chapters of 
     title 51, United States Code.
       (z) Enactment of Chapter 717.--Title 51, United States 
     Code, is amended as follows:
       (1) Content.--Title 51, United States Code, as amended by 
     subsection (y), is amended by adding after chapter 715 the 
     following:

            ``Chapter 717--ADVANCING HUMAN SPACE EXPLORATION

``SUBCHAPTER I--GENERAL PROVISIONS
``Sec.
``71701. Definitions.

``SUBCHAPTER II--ADVANCING HUMAN DEEP SPACE EXPLORATION

    ``Part A--Assuring Core Capabilities for Exploration
``71711. Space launch system, Orion, and exploration ground systems.

    ``Part B--Journey to Mars
``71721. Human exploration roadmap.

``SUBCHAPTER III--ADVANCING SPACE SCIENCE
``71731. Policy on maintaining balanced space science portfolio.
``71732. Mission priorities for planetary science.
``71733. Extrasolar planet exploration strategy.
``71734. Astrobiology strategy.
``71735. Collaboration.

``SUBCHAPTER IV--SPACE TECHNOLOGY
``71741. Space technology infusion.
``71742. Space technology program.

``SUBCHAPTER V--MAXIMIZING EFFICIENCY

    ``Part A--Administration Information Technology and Cybersecurity
``71751. Information technology governance.
``71752. Information technology strategic plan.
``71753. Information security plan for cybersecurity.

    ``Part B--Collaboration Among Mission Directorates and Other 
        Matters
``71761. Collaboration among mission directorates.
``71762. Administration launch capabilities collaboration.
``71763. Education and outreach.
``71764. Leveraging commercial satellite servicing capabilities across 
              mission directorates.
``71765. Flight opportunities.
``71766. Space Act Agreements.

                   ``Subchapter I--GENERAL PROVISIONS

     ``Sec. 71701. Definitions

       ``In this chapter:
       ``(1) Appropriate committees of congress.--The term 
     `appropriate committees of Congress' means--
       ``(A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
     Transportation of the Senate; and
       ``(B) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of 
     the House of Representatives.
       ``(2) Cis-lunar space.--The term `cis-lunar space' means 
     the region of space from the Earth out to and including the 
     region around the surface of the Moon.
       ``(3) Deep space.--The term `deep space' means the region 
     of space beyond low-Earth orbit, to include cis-lunar space.
       ``(4) Orion.--The term `Orion' means the multipurpose crew 
     vehicle described under section 71522 of this title.
       ``(5) Space launch system.--The term `Space Launch System' 
     has the meaning given the term in section 71501 of this 
     title.

        ``Subchapter II--ADVANCING HUMAN DEEP SPACE EXPLORATION

          ``Part A--Assuring Core Capabilities for Exploration

     ``Sec. 71711. Space launch system, Orion, and exploration 
       ground systems

       ``(a) Reaffirmation.--Congress reaffirms the policy and 
     minimum capability requirements for the Space Launch System 
     under section 71521 of this title.
       ``(b) Continued Development of Fully Integrated Space 
     Launch System.--The Administrator shall continue the 
     development of the fully integrated Space Launch System, 
     including an upper stage needed to go beyond low-Earth orbit, 
     in order to safely enable human space exploration of the 
     Moon, Mars, and beyond over the course of the next century as 
     required in section 71521(c) of this title.
       ``(c) Exploration Missions.--The Administrator shall 
     continue development of--
       ``(1) an uncrewed exploration mission to demonstrate the 
     capability of both the Space Launch System and Orion as an 
     integrated system by 2018;
       ``(2) subject to applicable human rating processes and 
     requirements, a crewed exploration mission to demonstrate the 
     Space Launch System, including the Core Stage and Exploration 
     Upper Stages, by 2021;
       ``(3) subsequent missions beginning with Artemis III at 
     operational flight rate sufficient to maintain safety and 
     operational readiness using the Space Launch System and Orion 
     to extend into cis-lunar space and eventually to Mars; and
       ``(4) a deep space habitat as a key element in a deep space 
     exploration architecture along with the Space Launch System 
     and Orion.
       ``(d) Other Uses.--The Administrator shall assess the 
     utility of the Space Launch System for use by the science 
     community and for other Federal Government launch needs, 
     including consideration of overall cost and schedule savings 
     from reduced transit times and increased science returns 
     enabled by the unique capabilities of the Space Launch 
     System.

                       ``Part B--Journey to Mars

     ``Sec. 71721. Human exploration roadmap

       ``(a) In General.--The Administrator shall develop a human 
     exploration roadmap, including a critical decision plan, to 
     expand human presence beyond low-Earth orbit to the surface 
     of Mars and beyond, considering potential interim 
     destinations such as cis-lunar space and the moons of Mars.
       ``(b) Scope.--The human exploration roadmap shall include--
       ``(1) an integrated set of exploration, science, and other 
     goals and objectives of a United States human space 
     exploration program to achieve the long-term goal of human 
     missions near or on the surface of Mars in the 2030s;
       ``(2) opportunities for international, academic, and 
     industry partnerships for exploration-related systems, 
     services, research, and technology if those opportunities 
     provide cost-savings, accelerate program schedules, or 
     otherwise benefit the goals and objectives developed under 
     paragraph (1);
       ``(3) sets and sequences of precursor missions in cis-lunar 
     space and other missions or activities necessary--
       ``(A) to demonstrate the proficiency of the capabilities 
     and technologies identified under paragraph (4); and
       ``(B) to meet the goals and objectives developed under 
     paragraph (1), including anticipated timelines and missions 
     for the Space Launch System and Orion;
       ``(4) an identification of the specific capabilities and 
     technologies, including the Space Launch System, Orion, a 
     deep space habitat, and other capabilities, that facilitate 
     the goals and objectives developed under paragraph (1);
       ``(5) a description of how cis-lunar elements, objectives, 
     and activities advance the human exploration of Mars;
       ``(6) an assessment of potential human health and other 
     risks, including radiation exposure;
       ``(7) mitigation plans, whenever possible, to address the 
     risks identified in paragraph (6);
       ``(8) a description of those technologies already under 
     development across the Federal Government or by other 
     entities that facilitate the goals and objectives developed 
     under paragraph (1);
       ``(9) a specific process for the evolution of the 
     capabilities of the fully integrated Orion with the Space 
     Launch System and a description of how these systems 
     facilitate the goals and objectives developed under paragraph 
     (1) and demonstrate the capabilities and technologies 
     described in paragraph (4);
       ``(10) a description of the capabilities and technologies 
     that need to be demonstrated or research data that could be 
     gained through the utilization of the International Space 
     Station and the status of the development of such 
     capabilities and technologies;
       ``(11) a framework for international cooperation in the 
     development of all capabilities and technologies identified 
     under this section, including an assessment of the risks 
     posed by relying on international partners for capabilities 
     and technologies on the critical path of development;
       ``(12) a process for partnering with nongovernmental 
     entities using Space Act

[[Page H6246]]

     Agreements or other acquisition instruments for future human 
     space exploration; and
       ``(13) information on the phasing of planned intermediate 
     destinations, Mars mission risk areas and potential risk 
     mitigation approaches, technology requirements and phasing of 
     required technology development activities, the management 
     strategy to be followed, related International Space Station 
     activities, planned international collaborative activities, 
     potential commercial contributions, and other activities 
     relevant to the achievement of the goal established in this 
     section.
       ``(c) Considerations.--In developing the human exploration 
     roadmap, the Administrator shall consider--
       ``(1) using key exploration capabilities, namely the Space 
     Launch System and Orion;
       ``(2) using existing commercially available technologies 
     and capabilities or those technologies and capabilities being 
     developed by industry for commercial purposes;
       ``(3) establishing an organizational approach to ensure 
     collaboration and coordination among the Administration's 
     mission directorates under section 71761 of this title, when 
     appropriate, including to collect and return to Earth a 
     sample from the Martian surface;
       ``(4) building upon the initial uncrewed mission, Artemis 
     I, and first crewed mission, Artemis II, of the Space Launch 
     System and Orion to establish a sustainable cadence of 
     missions extending human exploration missions into cis-lunar 
     space, including anticipated timelines and milestones;
       ``(5) developing the robotic and precursor missions and 
     activities that will demonstrate, test, and develop key 
     technologies and capabilities essential for achieving human 
     missions to Mars, including long-duration human operations 
     beyond low-Earth orbit, space suits, solar electric 
     propulsion, deep space habitats, environmental control life 
     support systems, Mars lander and ascent vehicle, entry, 
     descent, landing, ascent, Mars surface systems, and in-situ 
     resource utilization;
       ``(6) demonstrating and testing 1 or more habitat modules 
     in cis-lunar space to prepare for Mars missions;
       ``(7) using public-private, firm fixed-price partnerships, 
     where practicable;
       ``(8) collaborating with international, academic, and 
     industry partners, when appropriate;
       ``(9) any risks to human health and sensitive onboard 
     technologies, including radiation exposure;
       ``(10) any risks identified through research outcomes under 
     the Administration Human Research Program's Behavioral Health 
     Element; and
       ``(11) the recommendations and ideas of several 
     independently developed reports or concepts that describe 
     potential Mars architectures or concepts and identify Mars as 
     the long-term goal for human space exploration, including the 
     reports described under section 431 of the National 
     Aeronautics and Space Administration Transition Authorization 
     Act of 2017 (Public Law 115-10, 131 Stat. 38).
       ``(d) Critical Decision Plan on Human Space Exploration.--
     As part of the human exploration roadmap, the Administrator 
     shall include a critical decision plan--
       ``(1) identifying and defining key decisions guiding human 
     space exploration priorities and plans that need to be made 
     before June 30, 2020, including decisions that may guide 
     human space exploration capability development, precursor 
     missions, long-term missions, and activities;
       ``(2) defining decisions needed to maximize efficiencies 
     and resources for reaching the near-, intermediate-, and 
     long-term goals and objectives of human space exploration; 
     and
       ``(3) identifying and defining timelines and milestones for 
     a sustainable cadence of missions beginning with Artemis III 
     for the Space Launch System and Orion to extend human 
     exploration from cis-lunar space to the surface of Mars.
       ``(e) Reports.--
       ``(1) Initial human exploration roadmap.--The Administrator 
     shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress--
       ``(A) an initial human exploration roadmap, including a 
     critical decision plan, before December 1, 2017; and
       ``(B) an updated human exploration roadmap periodically as 
     the Administrator considers necessary but not less than 
     biennially.
       ``(2) Contents.--Each human exploration roadmap under this 
     subsection shall include a description of--
       ``(A) the achievements and goals accomplished in the 
     process of developing capabilities and technologies described 
     in this section during the 2-year period prior to the 
     submission of the human exploration roadmap; and
       ``(B) the expected goals and achievements in the following 
     2-year period.
       ``(3) Submission with budget.--Each human exploration 
     roadmap under this section shall be included in the budget 
     for that fiscal year transmitted to Congress under section 
     1105(a) of title 31.

               ``Subchapter III--ADVANCING SPACE SCIENCE

     ``Sec. 71731. Policy on maintaining balanced space science 
       portfolio

       ``It is the policy of the United States to ensure, to the 
     extent practicable, a steady cadence of large, medium, and 
     small science missions.

     ``Sec. 71732. Mission priorities for planetary science

       ``(a) In General.--In accordance with the priorities 
     established in the most recent Planetary Science Decadal 
     Survey, the Administrator shall ensure, to the greatest 
     extent practicable, the completion of a balanced set of 
     Discovery, New Frontiers, and Flagship missions at the 
     cadence recommended by the most recent Planetary Science 
     Decadal Survey.
       ``(b) Mission Priority Adjustments.--Consistent with the 
     set of missions described in subsection (a), and while 
     maintaining the continuity of scientific data and steady 
     development of capabilities and technologies, the 
     Administrator may seek, if necessary, adjustments to mission 
     priorities, schedule, and scope in light of changing budget 
     projections.

     ``Sec. 71733. Extrasolar planet exploration strategy

       ``(a) Strategy.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Administrator shall enter into an 
     arrangement with the National Academies to develop a science 
     strategy for the study and exploration of extrasolar planets, 
     including the use of the Transiting Exoplanet Survey 
     Satellite, the James Webb Space Telescope, a potential Wide-
     Field Infrared Survey Telescope mission, or any other 
     telescope, spacecraft, or instrument, as appropriate.
       ``(2) Requirements.--The strategy shall--
       ``(A) outline key scientific questions;
       ``(B) identify the most promising research in the field;
       ``(C) indicate the extent to which the mission priorities 
     in existing decadal surveys address the key extrasolar planet 
     research and exploration goals;
       ``(D) identify opportunities for coordination with 
     international partners, commercial partners, and not-for-
     profit partners; and
       ``(E) make recommendations regarding the activities under 
     subparagraphs (A) through (D), as appropriate.
       ``(b) Use of Strategy.--The Administrator shall use the 
     strategy--
       ``(1) to inform roadmaps, strategic plans, and other 
     activities of the Administration as they relate to extrasolar 
     planet research and exploration; and
       ``(2) to provide a foundation for future activities and 
     initiatives related to extrasolar planet research and 
     exploration.
       ``(c) Report to Congress.--Not later than 18 months after 
     March 21, 2017, the National Academies shall submit to the 
     Administrator and to the appropriate committees of Congress a 
     report containing the strategy developed under subsection 
     (a).

     ``Sec. 71734. Astrobiology strategy

       ``(a) Strategy.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Administrator shall enter into an 
     arrangement with the National Academies to develop a science 
     strategy for astrobiology that would outline key scientific 
     questions, identify the most promising research in the field, 
     and indicate the extent to which the mission priorities in 
     existing decadal surveys address the search for life's 
     origin, evolution, distribution, and future in the universe.
       ``(2) Recommendations.--The strategy shall include 
     recommendations for coordination with international partners.
       ``(b) Use of Strategy.--The Administrator shall use the 
     strategy developed under subsection (a) in planning and 
     funding research and other activities and initiatives in the 
     field of astrobiology.
       ``(c) Report to Congress.--Not later than 18 months after 
     March 21, 2017, the National Academies shall submit to the 
     Administrator and to the appropriate committees of Congress a 
     report containing the strategy developed under subsection 
     (a).

     ``Sec. 71735. Collaboration

       ``The Administration shall continue to develop first-of-a-
     kind instruments that, once proved, can be transitioned to 
     other agencies for operations. Whenever responsibilities for 
     the development of sensors or for measurements are 
     transferred to the Administration from another agency, the 
     Administration shall seek, to the extent possible, to be 
     reimbursed for the assumption of such responsibilities.

                   ``Subchapter IV--SPACE TECHNOLOGY

     ``Sec. 71741. Space technology infusion

       ``(a) Policy.--It is the policy of the United States that 
     the Administrator shall develop technologies to support the 
     Administration's core missions, as described in section 2(3) 
     of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
     Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-267, 124 Stat. 
     2807), and support sustained investments in early stage 
     innovation, fundamental research, and technologies to expand 
     the boundaries of the national aerospace enterprise.
       ``(b) Propulsion Technologies.--A goal of propulsion 
     technologies developed under subsection (a) shall be to 
     significantly reduce human travel time to Mars.

     ``Sec. 71742. Space technology program

       ``(a) Space Technology Program Authorized.--The 
     Administrator shall conduct a space technology program 
     (referred to in this section as the `Program') to research 
     and develop advanced space technologies that could deliver 
     innovative solutions across the Administration's space 
     exploration and science missions.
       ``(b) Considerations.--In conducting the Program, the 
     Administrator shall consider--
       ``(1) the recommendations of the National Academies' review 
     of the Administration's

[[Page H6247]]

     Space Technology roadmaps and priorities; and
       ``(2) the applicable enabling aspects of the stepping stone 
     approach to exploration under section 70504 of this title.
       ``(c) Requirements.--In conducting the Program, the 
     Administrator shall--
       ``(1) to the extent practicable, use a competitive process 
     to select research and development projects;
       ``(2) to the extent practicable and appropriate, use small 
     satellites and the Administration's suborbital and ground-
     based platforms to demonstrate space technology concepts and 
     developments; and
       ``(3) as appropriate, partner with other Federal agencies, 
     universities, private industry, and foreign countries.
       ``(d) Small Business Programs.--The Administrator shall 
     organize and manage the Administration's Small Business 
     Innovation Research Program and Small Business Technology 
     Transfer Program within the Program.
       ``(e) Nonduplication Certification.--The Administrator 
     shall submit a budget for each fiscal year, as transmitted to 
     Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, that avoids 
     duplication of projects, programs, or missions conducted by 
     the Program with other projects, programs, or missions 
     conducted by another office or directorate of the 
     Administration.
       ``(f) Collaboration, Coordination, and Alignment.--The 
     Administrator shall--
       ``(1) ensure that the Administration's projects, programs, 
     and activities in support of technology research and 
     development of advanced space technologies are fully 
     coordinated and aligned;
       ``(2) ensure that the results of the projects, programs, 
     and activities under paragraph (1) are shared and leveraged 
     within the Administration; and
       ``(3) ensure that the organizational responsibility for 
     research and development activities in support of human space 
     exploration not initiated as of March 21, 2017, is 
     established on the basis of a sound rationale.
       ``(g) Annual Report.--The Administrator shall include in 
     the Administration's annual budget request for each fiscal 
     year the rationale for assigning organizational 
     responsibility for, in the year prior to the budget fiscal 
     year, each initiated project, program, and mission focused on 
     research and development of advanced technologies for human 
     space exploration.

                 ``Subchapter V--MAXIMIZING EFFICIENCY

   ``Part A--Administration Information Technology and Cybersecurity

     ``Sec. 71751. Information technology governance

       ``The Administrator shall, in a manner that reflects the 
     unique nature of the Administration's mission and expertise--
       ``(1) ensure the Administration Chief Information Officer, 
     mission directorates, and centers have appropriate roles in 
     the management, governance, and oversight processes related 
     to information technology operations and investments and 
     information security programs for the protection of 
     Administration systems;
       ``(2) ensure the Administration Chief Information Officer 
     has the appropriate resources and insight to oversee 
     Administration information technology and information 
     security operations and investments;
       ``(3) provide an information technology program management 
     framework to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of 
     information technology investments, including relying on 
     metrics for identifying and reducing potential duplication, 
     waste, and cost;
       ``(4) improve the operational linkage between the 
     Administration Chief Information Officer and each 
     Administration mission directorate, center, and mission 
     support office to ensure both Administration and mission 
     needs are considered in Administration-wide information 
     technology and information security management and oversight;
       ``(5) review the portfolio of information technology 
     investments and spending, including information technology-
     related investments included as part of activities within 
     Administration mission directorates that may not be 
     considered information technology, to ensure investments are 
     recognized and reported appropriately based on guidance from 
     the Office of Management and Budget;
       ``(6) consider appropriate revisions to the charters of 
     information technology boards and councils that inform 
     information technology investment and operation decisions; 
     and
       ``(7) consider whether the Administration Chief Information 
     Officer should have a seat on any boards or councils 
     described in paragraph (6).

     ``Sec. 71752. Information technology strategic plan

       ``(a) In General.--Subject to subsection (b), the 
     Administrator shall develop an information technology 
     strategic plan to guide Administration information technology 
     management and strategic objectives.
       ``(b) Requirements.--In developing the strategic plan, the 
     Administrator shall ensure that the strategic plan 
     addresses--
       ``(1) the deadline under section 306(a) of title 5; and
       ``(2) the requirements under section 3506 of title 44.
       ``(c) Contents.--The strategic plan shall address, in a 
     manner that reflects the unique nature of the 
     Administration's mission and expertise--
       ``(1) near- and long-term goals and objectives for 
     leveraging information technology;
       ``(2) a plan for how the Administration will submit to 
     Congress a list of information technology projects, including 
     completion dates and risk levels in accordance with guidance 
     from the Office of Management and Budget;
       ``(3) an implementation overview for an Administration-wide 
     approach to information technology investments and 
     operations, including reducing barriers to cross-center 
     collaboration;
       ``(4) coordination by the Administration Chief Information 
     Officer with centers and mission directorates to ensure that 
     information technology policies are effectively and 
     efficiently implemented across the Administration;
       ``(5) a plan to increase the efficiency and effectiveness 
     of information technology investments, including a 
     description of how unnecessarily duplicative, wasteful, 
     legacy, or outdated information technology across the 
     Administration will be identified and eliminated, and a 
     schedule for the identification and elimination of such 
     information technology;
       ``(6) a plan for improving the information security of 
     Administration information and Administration information 
     systems, including improving security control assessments and 
     role-based security training of employees; and
       ``(7) submission by the Administration to Congress of 
     information regarding high risk projects and cybersecurity 
     risks.
       ``(d) Congressional Oversight.--The Administrator shall 
     submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the 
     strategic plan under subsection (a) and any updates to the 
     strategic plan.

     ``Sec. 71753. Information security plan for cybersecurity

       ``(a) In General.--Not later than 1 year after March 21, 
     2017, the Administrator shall implement the information 
     security plan developed under subsection (b) and take such 
     further actions as the Administrator considers necessary to 
     improve the information security system in accordance with 
     this section.
       ``(b) Information Security Plan.--Subject to subsections 
     (c) and (d), the Administrator shall develop an 
     Administration-wide information security plan to enhance 
     information security for Administration information and 
     information infrastructure.
       ``(c) Requirements.--In developing the plan under 
     subsection (b), the Administrator shall ensure that the 
     plan--
       ``(1) reflects the unique nature of the Administration's 
     mission and expertise;
       ``(2) is informed by policies, standards, guidelines, and 
     directives on information security required for Federal 
     agencies;
       ``(3) is consistent with the standards and guidelines under 
     section 11331 of title 40; and
       ``(4) meets applicable National Institute of Standards and 
     Technology information security standards and guidelines.
       ``(d) Contents.--The plan shall address--
       ``(1) an overview of the requirements of the information 
     security system;
       ``(2) an Administration-wide risk management framework for 
     information security;
       ``(3) a description of the information security system 
     management controls and common controls that are necessary to 
     ensure compliance with information security-related 
     requirements;
       ``(4) an identification and assignment of roles, 
     responsibilities, and management commitment for information 
     security at the Administration;
       ``(5) coordination among organizational entities, including 
     between each center, facility, mission directorate, and 
     mission support office, and among Administration entities 
     responsible for different aspects of information security;
       ``(6) the need to protect the information security of 
     mission-critical systems and activities and high-impact and 
     moderate-impact information systems; and
       ``(7) a schedule of frequent reviews and updates, as 
     necessary, of the plan.

  ``Part B--Collaboration Among Mission Directorates and Other Matters

     ``Sec. 71761. Collaboration among mission directorates

       ``The Administrator shall encourage an interdisciplinary 
     approach among all Administration mission directorates and 
     divisions, whenever appropriate, for projects or missions--
       ``(1) to improve coordination, and encourage collaboration 
     and early planning on scope;
       ``(2) to determine areas of overlap or alignment;
       ``(3) to find ways to leverage across divisional 
     perspectives to maximize outcomes; and
       ``(4) to be more efficient with resources and funds.

     ``Sec. 71762. Administration launch capabilities 
       collaboration

       ``The Administrator shall pursue a strategy for acquisition 
     of crewed transportation services and non-crewed launch 
     services that continues to enhance communication, 
     collaboration, and coordination between the Launch Services 
     Program and the Commercial Crew Program.

     ``Sec. 71763. Education and outreach

       ``The Administrator shall continue engagement with the 
     public and education opportunities for students via all the 
     Administration's mission directorates to the maximum extent 
     practicable.

[[Page H6248]]

  


     ``Sec. 71764. Leveraging commercial satellite servicing 
       capabilities across mission directorates

       ``The Administrator shall--
       ``(1) identify orbital assets in both the Science Mission 
     Directorate and the Human Exploration and Operations Mission 
     Directorate that could benefit from satellite servicing-
     related technologies; and
       ``(2) work across all Administration mission directorates 
     to evaluate opportunities for the private sector to perform 
     such services or advance technical capabilities by leveraging 
     the technologies and techniques developed by Administration 
     programs and other industry programs.

     ``Sec. 71765. Flight opportunities

       ``(a) Development of Payloads.--
       ``(1) In general.--In order to conduct necessary research, 
     the Administrator shall continue and, as the Administrator 
     considers appropriate, expand the development of technology 
     payloads for--
       ``(A) scientific research; and
       ``(B) investigating new or improved capabilities.
       ``(2) Funds.--For the purpose of carrying out paragraph 
     (1), the Administrator shall make funds available for--
       ``(A) flight testing;
       ``(B) payload development; and
       ``(C) hardware related to subparagraphs (A) and (B).
       ``(b) Reaffirmation of Policy.--Congress reaffirms that the 
     Administrator should provide flight opportunities for 
     payloads to microgravity environments and suborbital 
     altitudes as authorized by section 40905 of this title.

     ``Sec. 71766. Space Act Agreements

       ``(a) Funded Space Act Agreements.--To the extent 
     appropriate, the Administrator shall seek to maximize the 
     value of contributions provided by other parties under a 
     funded Space Act Agreement in order to advance the 
     Administration's mission.
       ``(b) Non-Exclusivity.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Administrator shall, to the greatest 
     extent practicable, issue each Space Act Agreement--
       ``(A) except as provided in paragraph (2), on a 
     nonexclusive basis;
       ``(B) in a manner that ensures all non-government parties 
     have equal access to Administration resources; and
       ``(C) exercising reasonable care not to reveal unique or 
     proprietary information.
       ``(2) Exclusivity.--If the Administrator determines an 
     exclusive arrangement is necessary, the Administrator shall, 
     to the greatest extent practicable, issue the Space Act 
     Agreement--
       ``(A) utilizing a competitive selection process when 
     exclusive arrangements are necessary; and
       ``(B) pursuant to public announcements when exclusive 
     arrangements are necessary.
       ``(c) Transparency.--The Administrator shall publicly 
     disclose on the Administration's website and make available 
     in a searchable format each Space Act Agreement, including an 
     estimate of committed Administration resources and the 
     expected benefits to Administration objectives for each 
     agreement, with appropriate redactions for proprietary, 
     sensitive, or classified information, not later than 60 days 
     after such agreement is signed by the parties.
       ``(d) Annual Reports.--
       ``(1) Requirement.--Not later than 90 days after the end of 
     each fiscal year, the Administrator shall submit to the 
     appropriate committees of Congress a report on the use of 
     Space Act Agreement authority by the Administration during 
     the previous fiscal year.
       ``(2) Contents.--The report shall include for each Space 
     Act Agreement in effect at the time of the report--
       ``(A) an indication of whether the agreement is a 
     reimbursable, non-reimbursable, or funded Space Act 
     Agreement;
       ``(B) a description of--
       ``(i) the subject and terms;
       ``(ii) the parties;
       ``(iii) the responsible--

       ``(I) mission directorate;
       ``(II) center; or
       ``(III) headquarters element;

       ``(iv) the value;
       ``(v) the extent of the cost sharing among Federal 
     Government and non-Federal sources;
       ``(vi) the time period or schedule; and
       ``(vii) all milestones; and
       ``(C) an indication of whether the agreement was renewed 
     during the previous fiscal year.
       ``(3) Anticipated agreements.--The report shall include a 
     list of all anticipated reimbursable, non-reimbursable, and 
     funded Space Act Agreements for the upcoming fiscal year.
       ``(4) Cumulative program benefits.--The report shall 
     include, with respect to each Space Act Agreement covered by 
     the report, a summary of--
       ``(A) the technology areas in which research projects were 
     conducted under that agreement;
       ``(B) the extent to which the use of that agreement--
       ``(i) has contributed to a broadening of the technology and 
     industrial base available for meeting Administration needs; 
     and
       ``(ii) has fostered within the technology and industrial 
     base new relationships and practices that support the United 
     States; and
       ``(C) the total amount of value received by the Federal 
     Government during the fiscal year under that agreement.''.
       (2) Chapter heading typeface.--The chapter heading of 
     chapter 717 of title 51, United States Code, as added by 
     paragraph (1), is amended so that the typeface of that 
     chapter heading conforms to the typeface of other chapter 
     headings in title 51, United States Code.
       (3) Chapter table of contents typeface.--The chapter table 
     of contents of chapter 717 of title 51, United States Code, 
     as added by paragraph (1), is amended so that the typeface of 
     the subchapter headings and the typeface of the subchapter 
     items conform to those appearing in other chapter table of 
     contents of title 51.
       (4) Subchapter heading typeface.--The subchapter headings 
     for subchapters I through V of chapter 717 of title 51, 
     United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), are amended so 
     that the typeface of those subchapter headings conforms to 
     the typeface of subchapter headings in other chapters of 
     title 51, United States Code.
       (aa) Committee Name Change.--
       (1) Section 20117(1) of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Committee on Science and Technology'' 
     and inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and 
     Technology''.
       (2) Section 311 of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act of 2000 (Public Law 106-391, 
     51 U.S.C. 20143 note) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (a), by striking ``Committee on Science'' 
     and inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and 
     Technology''; and
       (B) in subsection (b), by striking ``Committees on Science 
     and Appropriations'' and inserting ``Committee on Science, 
     Space, and Technology and the Committee on Appropriations''.
       (3) Section 30303(b) of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Committee on Science and Technology'' 
     and inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and 
     Technology''.
       (4) Section 30305(c) (matter before paragraph (1)) of title 
     51, United States Code, is amended by striking ``Committee on 
     Science and Technology'' and inserting ``Committee on 
     Science, Space, and Technology''.
       (5) Section 203(b) of the America COMPETES Reauthorization 
     Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-358, 51 U.S.C. note prec. 30501) 
     is amended by striking ``Committee on Science and 
     Technology'' and inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and 
     Technology''.
       (6) Section 30501(a) of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Committee on Science and Technology'' 
     and inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and 
     Technology''.
       (7) Section 30502 of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (a), by striking ``Committee on Science 
     and Technology'' and inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, 
     and Technology''; and
       (B) in subsection (d) (matter before paragraph (1)), by 
     striking ``Committee on Science and Technology'' and 
     inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and Technology''.
       (8) Section 30503(c) (matter before paragraph (1)) of title 
     51, United States Code, is amended by striking ``Committee on 
     Science and Technology'' and inserting ``Committee on 
     Science, Space, and Technology''.
       (9) Section 102 of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109-155, 
     51 U.S.C. note prec. 49901 (formerly 40901)) is amended by 
     striking ``Committee on Science'' and inserting ``Committee 
     on Science, Space, and Technology'' in the following 
     provisions:
       (A) Subsection (a)(2)(A).
       (B) Subsection (a)(2)(B).
       (C) Subsection (b) (matter before paragraph (1)).
       (D) Subsection (c)(3).
       (E) Subsection (d).
       (F) Subsection (e)(2) (matter before subparagraph (A)).
       (10) Section 49906(b) (matter before paragraph (1)) of 
     title 51, United States Code (as redesignated by subsection 
     (n)(3)), is amended by striking ``Committee on Science and 
     Technology'' and inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and 
     Technology''.
       (11) Section 50134(b)(1) (matter before subparagraph (A)) 
     of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking 
     ``Committee on Science and Technology'' and inserting 
     ``Committee on Science, Space, and Technology''.
       (12) Section 50505(a) of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Committee on Science and Technology'' 
     and inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and 
     Technology''.
       (13) Section 50703 of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Committee on Science and Technology'' 
     and inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and 
     Technology''.
       (14) Section 621(b) (matter before paragraph (1)) of the 
     National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization 
     Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-422, 51 U.S.C. 50903 note) is 
     amended by striking ``Committee on Science and Technology'' 
     and inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and 
     Technology''.
       (15) Section 50906(a) of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Committee on Science'' and inserting 
     ``Committee on Science, Space, and Technology''.
       (16) Section 50914(d)(1) of title 51, United States Code, 
     is amended by striking ``Committee on Science'' and inserting 
     ``Committee on Science, Space, and Technology''.

[[Page H6249]]

       (17) Section 60505(b) of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Committee on Science and Technology'' 
     and inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and 
     Technology''.
       (18) Section 502 of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109-155, 
     51 U.S.C. 70501 note) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (b) (matter before paragraph (1)), by 
     striking ``Committee on Science'' and inserting ``Committee 
     on Science, Space, and Technology''; and
       (B) in subsection (c), by striking ``Committee on Science'' 
     and inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and 
     Technology''.
       (19) Section 313(c) of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act of 2000 (Public Law 106-391, 
     51 U.S.C. 70506 note) is amended by striking ``Committee on 
     Science'' and inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and 
     Technology''.
       (20) Section 203(b) of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act of 2000 (Public Law 106-391, 
     51 U.S.C. 70901 note) is amended by striking ``Committee on 
     Science'' and inserting ``Committee on Science, Space, and 
     Technology''.
       (21) Section 205(b) (matter before paragraph (1)) of the 
     National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization 
     Act of 2000 (Public Law 106-391, 51 U.S.C. 70901 note) is 
     amended by striking ``Committee on Science'' and inserting 
     ``Committee on Science, Space, and Technology''.

     SEC. 4. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS.

       (a) Title 5, United States Code.--Section 914 of the Ronald 
     W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
     2005 (Public Law 108-375, 5 U.S.C. 552 note) is amended--
       (1) in subsection (b)(1)(B), by striking ``the Land Remote 
     Sensing Policy Act of 1992 (15 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.);'' and 
     inserting ``chapter 601 of title 51, United States Code;''; 
     and
       (2) in subsection (e), by striking ``section 3 of the Land 
     Remote Sensing Policy Act of 1992 (15 U.S.C. 5602).'' and 
     inserting ``section 60101 of title 51, United States Code.''.
       (b) Title 28, United States Code.--
       (1) The chapter table of contents of chapter 123 of title 
     28, United States Code, is amended in the item for section 
     1932 (relating to revocation of earned release credit) by 
     striking ``1932'' and inserting ``1933''.
       (2) Section 1932 of title 28, United States Code (relating 
     to revocation of earned release credit), is redesignated as 
     section 1933 of that title.
       (c) Title 31, United States Code.--Section 1(4) of Public 
     Law 107-74 (31 U.S.C. 1113 note), is amended by striking 
     ``Section 206 of the National Aeronautics and Space Act of 
     1958 (42 U.S.C. 2476).'' and inserting ``Section 20116 of 
     title 51, United States Code.''.
       (d) Title 36, United States Code.--The title table of 
     contents of title 36, United States Code, is amended--
       (1) in the item for chapter 23, by striking ``Council'' and 
     inserting ``Museum''; and
       (2) in the item for chapter 307, by striking ``For'' and 
     inserting ``for''.
       (e) Title 42, United States Code.--
       (1) Section 602(b)(1) of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 
     18362(b)(1)) is amended by striking ``section 302 of this 
     Act.'' and inserting ``section 71521 of title 51, United 
     States Code.''.
       (2) Section 603 of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18363) is 
     amended--
       (A) in subsection (a), by striking ``(42 U.S.C. 
     17761(a)),'' and inserting ``(Public Law 110-422, 51 U.S.C. 
     70501 note),''; and
       (B) in subsection (b), by striking ``(42 U.S.C. 
     17761(a)).'' and inserting ``(Public Law 110-422, 51 U.S.C. 
     70501 note).''.
       (f) Title 51, United States Code.--
       (1) Section 10802 of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act of 2022 (Public Law 117-167, 
     51 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended--
       (A) in paragraph (11), by striking ``section 303 of the 
     National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization 
     Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18323).'' and inserting ``section 
     71522 of title 51, United States Code.''; and
       (B) in paragraph (14), by striking ``section 302 of the 
     National Aeronautics and Space Administration Act of 2010 (42 
     U.S.C. 18322).'' and inserting ``section 71521 of title 51, 
     United States Code.''.
       (2) Section 2 of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Transition Authorization Act of 2017 (Public 
     Law 115-10, 51 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended--
       (A) in paragraph (8), by striking ``section 504(a) of the 
     National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization 
     Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18354(a)).'' and inserting ``section 
     70911(a) of title 51, United States Code.'';
       (B) in paragraph (10), by striking ``section 303 of the 
     National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization 
     Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18323).'' and inserting ``section 
     71522 of title 51, United States Code.''; and
       (C) in paragraph (11), by striking ``section 3 of the 
     National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization 
     Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18302).'' and inserting ``section 
     71501 of title 51, United States Code.''.
       (3) Section 10812 of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act of 2022 (Public Law 117-167, 
     51 U.S.C. 20301 note) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ``section 302(c)(2) 
     of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
     Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322(c)(2)),'' and 
     inserting ``section 71521(c)(2) of title 51, United States 
     Code,''; and
       (B) in subsection (f), by striking ``section 302(c)(3) of 
     the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
     Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322(c)(3)),'' and 
     inserting ``section 71521(c)(3) of title 51, United States 
     Code,''.
       (4) Section 421 of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Transition Authorization Act of 2017 (Public 
     Law 115-10, 51 U.S.C. 20301 note) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (e)--
       (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ``section 303(b)(3) of 
     the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
     Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18323(b)(3)).'' and 
     inserting ``section 71522(b)(3) of title 51, United States 
     Code.'';
       (ii) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ``section 303(b)(3) 
     of that Act (42 U.S.C. 18323(b)(3));'' and inserting 
     ``section 71522(b)(3) of title 51, United States Code;''; and
       (iii) in subparagraphs (C) and (D) of paragraph (2), by 
     striking ``section 303(b)(3) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 
     18323(b)(3))'' and inserting ``section 71522(b)(3) of title 
     51, United States Code,''; and
       (B) in subsection (h)(1), by striking ``section 302(c) of 
     the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
     Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322(c)).'' and 
     inserting ``section 71521(c) of title 51, United States 
     Code.''.
       (5) Section 20302(c) of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ``section 303 of the 
     National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization 
     Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18323).'' and inserting ``section 
     71522 of this title.''; and
       (B) in paragraph (2)--
       (i) by striking ``means has the meaning'' and inserting 
     ``has the meaning''; and
       (ii) by striking ``section 3 of the National Aeronautics 
     and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 
     18302).'' and inserting ``section 71501 of this title.''.
       (6) Section 10811 of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act of 2022 (Public Law 117-167, 
     51 U.S.C. 20302 note) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (a)(2)(A), by striking ``section 432 of 
     the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Transition 
     Authorization Act of 2017 (Public Law 115-10; 51 U.S.C. 20302 
     note);'' and inserting ``section 71721 of title 51, United 
     States Code;''; and
       (B) in subsection (b)(2)(C)(ii), by striking ``section 432 
     of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
     Transition Authorization Act of 2017 (Public Law 115-10; 51 
     U.S.C. 20302 note);'' and inserting ``section 71721 of title 
     51, United States Code;''.
       (7) Section 837(a)(4) of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Transition Authorization Act of 2017 (Public 
     Law 115-10, 51 U.S.C. 31502 note) is amended by striking 
     ``section 432 of this Act,'' and inserting ``section 71721 of 
     title 51, United States Code,''.
       (8) Section 202 of the National Space Grant College and 
     Fellowship Act (Public Law 100-147, title II, 51 U.S.C. 40301 
     note) is amended--
       (A) by striking ``The Congress finds'' and inserting ``(a) 
     Congress finds''; and
       (B) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(b) The definitions in section 40302 of title 51, United 
     States Code, apply in this section.''.
       (9) Section 50111(c)(2) of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ``section 301(b)(2) of 
     the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Transition 
     Authorization Act of 2017;'' and inserting ``section 70912(2) 
     of this title;'';
       (B) in subparagraph (G), by striking ``section 432 of the 
     National Aeronautics and Space Administration Transition 
     Authorization Act of 2017;'' and inserting ``section 71721 of 
     this title;''; and
       (C) in subparagraph (J) (matter before clause (i)), by 
     striking ``section 503 of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18353),'' 
     and inserting ``section 70910 of this title,''.
       (10) Section 302(c)(1) of the National Aeronautics and 
     Space Administration Transition Authorization Act of 2017 
     (Public Law 115-10, 51 U.S.C. 50111 note) is amended by 
     striking ``(42 U.S.C. 18301 et seq.);'' and inserting 
     ``(Public Law 111-267, 124 Stat. 2805);''.
       (11) Section 303(b)(2) of the National Aeronautics and 
     Space Administration Transition Authorization Act of 2017 
     (Public Law 115-10, 51 U.S.C. 50111 note) is amended by 
     striking ``section 432 of this Act.'' and inserting ``section 
     71721 of title 51, United States Code.''.
       (12) Section 501 of the National Aeronautics and Space 
     Administration Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 1993 (Public 
     Law 102-588, 51 U.S.C. 50501 note) is amended by striking 
     ``The Congress finds that--'' and inserting the following:
       ``(a) Definitions.--The definitions in section 50501 of 
     title 51, United States Code, apply in this section.
       ``(b) In General.--Congress finds that--''.
       (13) Section 70104 of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 302 of the National Aeronautics 
     and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 
     18322).'' and inserting ``section 71521 of this title.''.

[[Page H6250]]

       (14) Section 70501(a)(2) of title 51, United States Code, 
     is amended by striking ``section 421(f) of the National 
     Aeronautics and Space Administration Transition Authorization 
     Act of 2017'' and inserting ``section 71711(c) of this 
     title''.
       (15) Section 70504(a) of title 51, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ``section 202(b)(5) of 
     the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
     Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18312(b)(5));'' and 
     inserting ``section 71512(b)(5) of this title;''; and
       (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ``section 432 of the 
     National Aeronautics and Space Administration Transition 
     Authorization Act of 2017.'' and inserting ``section 71721 of 
     this title.''.

     SEC. 5. TRANSITIONAL AND SAVINGS PROVISIONS.

       (a) Definitions.--In this section:
       (1) Restated provision.--The term ``restated provision'' 
     means a provision of title 51, United States Code, that is 
     enacted by section 3.
       (2) Source provision.--The term ``source provision'' means 
     a provision of law that is replaced by a restated provision.
       (b) Cutoff Date.--The restated provisions replace certain 
     provisions of law enacted on or before January 5, 2023. If a 
     law enacted after that date amends or repeals a source 
     provision, that law is deemed to amend or repeal, as the case 
     may be, the corresponding restated provision. If a law 
     enacted after that date is otherwise inconsistent with a 
     restated provision or a provision of this Act, that law 
     supersedes the restated provision or provision of this Act to 
     the extent of the inconsistency.
       (c) Original Date of Enactment Unchanged.--A restated 
     provision is deemed to have been enacted on the date of 
     enactment of the corresponding source provision.
       (d) References to Restated Provisions.--A reference to a 
     restated provision is deemed to refer to the corresponding 
     source provision.
       (e) References to Source Provisions.--A reference to a 
     source provision, including a reference in a regulation, 
     order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding 
     restated provision.
       (f) Regulations, Orders, and Other Administrative 
     Actions.--A regulation, order, or other administrative action 
     in effect under a source provision continues in effect under 
     the corresponding restated provision.
       (g) Actions Taken and Offenses Committed.--An action taken 
     or an offense committed under a source provision is deemed to 
     have been taken or committed under the corresponding restated 
     provision.

     SEC. 6. REPEALS.

       (a) In General.--The provisions of law listed in subsection 
     (b) are repealed, except with respect to rights and duties 
     that matured, penalties that were incurred, or proceedings 
     that were begun before the date of enactment of this Act.
       (b) Schedule of Laws Repealed.--The repealed provisions 
     referred to in subsection (a) are listed in the table below.

                        Schedule of Laws Repealed
------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      United States Code
               Act                      Section             Former
                                                        Classification
------------------------------------------------------------------------
National Aeronautics and Space    104                 31 U.S.C. 1105
 Administration Authorization                          note
 Act, Fiscal Year 1989 (Public
 Law 100-685)
National Aeronautics and Space    210                 51 U.S.C. 30103
 Administration Authorization                          note
 Act, Fiscal Year 1993 (Public
 Law 102-588)
National Aeronautics and Space    201                 42 U.S.C. 18311
 Administration Authorization
 Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-
 267)
                                  202                 42 U.S.C. 18312
                                  301(b)              42 U.S.C. 18321(b)
                                  302                 42 U.S.C. 18322
                                  303                 42 U.S.C. 18323
                                  304                 42 U.S.C. 18324
                                  305                 42 U.S.C. 18325
                                  308                 42 U.S.C. 18326
                                  401                 42 U.S.C. 18341
                                  403                 42 U.S.C. 18342
                                  501                 42 U.S.C. 18351
                                  502                 42 U.S.C. 18352
                                  503(a)              42 U.S.C. 18353(a)
                                  503(d)              42 U.S.C. 18353(d)
                                  503(e)              42 U.S.C. 18353(e)
                                  503(f)              42 U.S.C. 18353(f)
                                  504                 42 U.S.C. 18354
                                  702                 42 U.S.C. 18371
                                  703                 42 U.S.C. 18372
                                  704                 42 U.S.C. 18373
                                  706                 42 U.S.C. 18374
                                  801                 42 U.S.C. 18381
                                  802(b) through (e)  42 U.S.C. 18382(b)
                                                       through (e)
                                  804                 42 U.S.C. 18383
                                  805                 42 U.S.C. 18384
                                  806(b), (c)         42 U.S.C.
                                                       18385(b), (c)
                                  807                 42 U.S.C. 18386
                                  808                 42 U.S.C. 18387
                                  902                 42 U.S.C. 18401
                                  903                 42 U.S.C. 18402
                                  904                 42 U.S.C. 18403
                                  906                 42 U.S.C. 18404
                                  907                 42 U.S.C. 18405
                                  1202(b)             42 U.S.C. 18441(b)
                                  1203(b)             42 U.S.C. 18442(b)
                                  1206                42 U.S.C. 18444
                                  1207                42 U.S.C. 18445
America COMPETES Reauthorization  202(b)              51 U.S.C. note
 Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-                          prec. 40901
 358)
                                  203(c)              51 U.S.C. note
                                                       prec. 30501
                                  204(b)              51 U.S.C. 20303
                                                       note
National Defense Authorization    913(a), (b)         51 U.S.C. 30701
 Act for Fiscal Year 2013                              note
 (Public Law 112-239)
Science Appropriations Act, 2013  (1st, 2d provisos   51 U.S.C. 20145
 (Public Law 113-6, div. B,        under heading       note
 title III)                        ``'', at 127
                                   Stat. 263)
Inspiring the Next Space          3                   51 U.S.C. note
 Pioneers, Innovators,                                 prec. 40901
 Researchers, and Explorers
 (INSPIRE) Women Act (Public Law
 115-7)
National Aeronautics and Space    301(b)              51 U.S.C. 50111
 Administration Transition                             note
 Authorization Act of 2017
 (Public Law 115-10)
                                  301(c)              42 U.S.C. 18351,
                                                       51 U.S.C. 50111
                                                       note
                                  302(d)              42 U.S.C. 18311,
                                                       51 U.S.C. 50111
                                                       note
                                  302(e)              51 U.S.C. 50111
                                                       note
                                  302(f)              42 U.S.C. 18341,
                                                       51 U.S.C. 50111
                                                       note
                                  302(g)              51 U.S.C. 50111
                                                       note
                                  302(h)(2)           51 U.S.C. 50111
                                                       note
                                  421(b)(2)           51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  421(d)              51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  421(f)              51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  421(g)              51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  432(b)              51 U.S.C. 20302
                                                       note
                                  501(b)              51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  502(b)              51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  508                 51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  509                 51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  517                 51 U.S.C. 20113
                                                       note
                                  701(c)              51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  701(d)              51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  702(a)              51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  702(b)              51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  702(c)              51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note

[[Page H6251]]

 
                                  702(d)              51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  702(e)              51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  702(f)(1)           51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  702(h)              51 U.S.C. 20301
                                                       note
                                  811(a)              51 U.S.C. 20111
                                                       note
                                  812                 51 U.S.C. 20111
                                                       note
                                  813(b)              51 U.S.C. 20111
                                                       note
                                  821                 51 U.S.C. 20111
                                                       note
                                  822(c)              51 U.S.C. 50131
                                                       note
                                  824(b)(1)           51 U.S.C. note
                                                       prec. 40901
                                  825(c)              51 U.S.C. 50131
                                                       note
                                  826                 51 U.S.C. 70102
                                                       note
                                  837(b)              51 U.S.C. 31502
                                                       note
                                  837(c)              51 U.S.C. 31502
                                                       note
                                  837(d)              51 U.S.C. 31502
                                                       note
                                  837(e)              51 U.S.C. 31502
                                                       note
                                  841(b)              51 U.S.C. 20113
                                                       note
                                  841(c)              51 U.S.C. 20113
                                                       note
                                  841(d)              51 U.S.C. 20113
                                                       note
                                  841(e)              51 U.S.C. 20113
                                                       note
Women in Aerospace Education Act  3                   51 U.S.C. note
 (Public Law 115-303)                                  prec. 40901
William M. (Mac) Thornberry       9406                51 U.S.C. note
 National Defense Authorization                        prec. 40901
 Act for Fiscal Year 2021
 (Public Law 116-283)
------------------------------------------------------------------------


  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Wisconsin (Mr. Tiffany) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin.


                             General Leave

  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and insert extraneous material on H.R. 7339.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Wisconsin?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7339. This bill was prepared 
for the Judiciary Committee by the Office of Law Revision Counsel.
  In 2010, Congress enacted a restatement of title 51 making it a 
positive law title. Since that time, Congress has continued to 
legislate on matters within title 51, which necessitates the bill to 
update the title before us today.
  This bill does not change the substance of any law on the books. It 
simply updates title 51 to account for laws passed by Congress. I thank 
my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee for the bipartisan way that we 
handle these bills. I urge support of H.R. 7339, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 7339, which makes a number of 
technical amendments to title 51 of the United States Code, while 
making no substantive changes. I thank the gentlewoman from North 
Carolina (Ms. Ross), for introducing this bill.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina 
(Ms. Ross).
  Ms. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to lead H.R. 7339, which updates 
title 51 of the U.S. Code with new legislation enacted into law after 
2010.
  This title is known as the National and Commercial Space Programs, 
and so much of that new legislation came through the Science, Space, 
and Technology Committee.
  The bill fixes cross-references and headings, removes obsolete 
language, and clarifies some phrases. Notably, as you have heard, this 
bill does not make any substantive change to the law, which is why it 
passed out of the Judiciary Committee with unanimous support.
  Updating the U.S. Code periodically to make these technical and 
conforming changes helps ensure that the law is accessible to everyday 
Americans. The American people deserve a code that is comprehensible 
without specialized knowledge, and making the updates in this bill will 
help make that goal a reality.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I support the legislation, I 
encourage my colleagues to do the same, and I yield back the balance of 
my time.
  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill also, and I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Tiffany) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 7339.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6251-H6255]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




 MAKING IMPROVEMENTS IN THE ENACTMENT OF TITLE 54, UNITED STATES CODE, 
   INTO A POSITIVE LAW TITLE AND TO CORRECT RELATED TECHNICAL ERRORS

  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 7316) to make improvements in the enactment of title 54, 
United States Code, into a positive law title and to correct related 
technical errors.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7316

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. TABLE OF CONTENTS.

       The table of contents for this Act is as follows:

Sec. 1.  Table of contents.
Sec. 2.  Purpose.
Sec. 3.  Title 15, United States Code.
Sec. 4.  Title 16, United States Code.
Sec. 5.  Title 43, United States Code.
Sec. 6.  Amendments to Public Law 113-287 and title 54, United States 
              Code.
Sec. 7.  Transitional and savings provisions.
Sec. 8.  Repeals.

     SEC. 2. PURPOSE.

       The purpose of this Act is to make improvements in the 
     enactment of title 54, United States Code, into a positive 
     law title and to correct related technical errors.

     SEC. 3. TITLE 15, UNITED STATES CODE.

       Section 107(a)(3)(D) of the Alaska Natural Gas Pipeline Act 
     (15 U.S.C. 720e(a)(3)(D)) is amended by striking ``the 
     National Historic Preservation Act (16 U.S.C. 470 et seq.);'' 
     and inserting ``division A (except section 307101) of 
     subtitle III of title 54, United States Code;''.

     SEC. 4. TITLE 16, UNITED STATES CODE.

       Section 815(4) of the Alaska National Interest Lands 
     Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3125(4)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 100101(b)(1)'' and inserting ``section 100101(a)''.

     SEC. 5. TITLE 43, UNITED STATES CODE.

       Section 4(b) of the Abandoned Shipwreck Act of 1987 (43 
     U.S.C. 2103(b)) is amended by striking ``title I of the 
     National Historic Preservation Act,'' and inserting ``chapter 
     3029 of title 54, United States Code,''.

     SEC. 6. AMENDMENTS TO PUBLIC LAW 113-287 AND TITLE 54, UNITED 
                   STATES CODE.

       (a) Section 7 of Public Law 113-287.--Effective December 
     19, 2014, the Schedule of Laws Repealed in section 7 of 
     Public Law 113-287 (128 Stat. 3273) is amended as follows:
       (1) National historic preservation act.--The item relating 
     to section 401 of the National Historic Preservation Act 
     (Public Law 89-665, 16 U.S.C. 470x), at 128 Stat. 3276, is 
     stricken and that section is revived to read as if that item 
     had not been enacted.
       (2) Public Law 91-383.--The item relating to section 3 of 
     Public Law 91-383 (16 U.S.C. 1a-2), at 128 Stat. 3277, is 
     amended to read as follows and subsection (g) (words after 
     1st sentence) is revived to read as if that item had not been 
     enacted:

[[Page H6252]]



                                           ``Schedule of Laws Repealed
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                     United States Code Former
                       ``Act                                   Section                     Classification
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                                                      ``3 (less (g) (words after     1a-2 (less(g) (words after
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       (3) Urban park and recreation recovery act.--The items 
     relating to title X, Sec. Sec. 1004 through 1015 of the Urban 
     Park and Recreation Recovery Act of 1978 (Public Law 95-625, 
     92 Stat. 3538), at 128 Stat. 3277, are amended to read as 
     follows:

                                           ``Schedule of Laws Repealed
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                     United States Code Former
                       ``Act                                   Section                     Classification
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
``Urban Park and Recreation Recovery Act of 1978             title X, Sec.  1004                 16 U.S.C. 2503
                                                           ``title X, Sec.  1005                 16 U.S.C. 2504
                                                           ``title X, Sec.  1006                 16 U.S.C. 2505
                                                           ``title X, Sec.  1007                 16 U.S.C. 2506
                                                           ``title X, Sec.  1008                 16 U.S.C. 2507
                                                           ``title X, Sec.  1009                 16 U.S.C. 2508
                                                           ``title X, Sec.  1010                 16 U.S.C. 2509
                                                           ``title X, Sec.  1011                 16 U.S.C. 2510
                                                           ``title X, Sec.  1012                 16 U.S.C. 2511
                                                           ``title X, Sec.  1013                 16 U.S.C. 2512
                                                           ``title X, Sec.  1014                 16 U.S.C. 2513
                                                           ``title X, Sec.  1015              16 U.S.C. 2514.''
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       (b) Section 100507.--The heading for subsection (h)(3) of 
     section 100507 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by 
     striking ``(b), (c), and (g)'' and inserting ``(b), (c), and 
     (g)''.
       (c) Section 100903.--The heading for subsection (a) of 
     section 100903 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by 
     striking ``General'' and inserting ``General.''.
       (d) Chapter 1013.--Chapter 1013 of title 54, United States 
     Code, is amended--
       (1) by amending section 101331 to read as follows:

     ``Sec. 101331. Purposes; definitions

       ``(a) Purposes.--The purposes of this subchapter are--
       ``(1) to develop where necessary an adequate supply of 
     quality housing units for field employees of the Service in a 
     reasonable timeframe;
       ``(2) to expand the alternatives available for construction 
     and repair of essential Government housing;
       ``(3) to rely on the private sector to finance or supply 
     housing in carryout out this subchapter, to the maximum 
     extent possible, to reduce the need for Federal 
     appropriations;
       ``(4) to ensure that adequate funds are available to 
     provide for long-term maintenance needs of field employee 
     housing; and
       ``(5) to eliminate unnecessary Government housing and 
     locate such housing as is required in a manner such that 
     primary resource values are not impaired.
       ``(b) Definitions.--In this subchapter:
       ``(1) Field employee.--The term `field employee' means--
       ``(A) an employee of the Service who is exclusively 
     assigned by the Service to perform duties at a field unit, 
     and the members of the employee's family; and
       ``(B) any other individual who is authorized to occupy 
     Federal Government quarters under section 5911 of title 5, 
     and for whom there is no feasible alternative to the 
     provision of Federal Government housing, and the members of 
     the individual's family.
       ``(2) Primary resource values.--The term `primary resource 
     values' means resources that are specifically mentioned in 
     the enabling legislation for that field unit or other 
     resource value recognized under Federal statute.
       ``(3) Quarters.--The term `quarters' means quarters owned 
     or leased by the Federal Government.
       ``(4) Seasonal quarters.---The term `seasonal quarters' 
     means quarters typically occupied by field employees who are 
     hired on assignments of 6 months or less.''; and
       (2) in the chapter table of contents, by amending the item 
     relating to section 101331 to read as follows:
``101331.  Purposes; definitions.''.
       (e) Chapter 1015.--Chapter 1015 of title 54, United States 
     Code, is amended--
       (1) by redesignating sections 101521 through 101524 as 
     sections 101522 through 101525;
       (2) by inserting before section 101522, as redesignated by 
     paragraph (1), the following:

     ``Sec. 101521. Purpose

       ``The purpose of this subchapter is to make the System more 
     accessible in a manner consistent with the preservation of 
     parks and the conservation of energy by encouraging the use 
     of transportation modes other than personal motor vehicles 
     for access to and in System units with minimum disruption to 
     nearby communities through authorization of a pilot 
     transportation program.'';
       (3) in section 101522(b)(2)(B), as redesignated by 
     paragraph (1), by striking ``Acquistion'' and inserting 
     ``Acquisition'';
       (4) in section 101524(a), as redesignated by paragraph (1), 
     by striking ``101521'' and inserting ``101522''; and
       (5) in the chapter table of contents--
       (A) by redesignating the items relating to sections 101521 
     through 101524 as items relating to sections 101522 through 
     101525; and
       (B) by inserting before the item relating to section 
     101522, as redesignated by subparagraph (A), the following:
``101521.  Purpose.''.
       (f) Section 101701.--Section 101701 of title 54, United 
     States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:
       ``(d) Available Funds.--
       ``(1) Amounts.--Out of any amounts in the Treasury not 
     otherwise appropriated, $20,000,000 shall be made available 
     to the Secretary for fiscal year 2018, and $30,000,000 shall 
     be made available to the Secretary for fiscal year 2019, 
     without further appropriation and to remain available until 
     expended, to pay the Federal funding share of challenge cost-
     share agreements for deferred maintenance projects and to 
     correct deficiencies in Service infrastructure.
       ``(2) Amount from non-federal sources.--Not less than 50 
     percent of the total cost of project for funds made available 
     under paragraph (1) to pay the Federal funding share shall be 
     derived from non-Federal sources, including in-kind 
     contribution of goods and services fairly valued.''.
       (g) Section 101913.--The heading for paragraph (4)(C) of 
     section 101913 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by 
     striking ``mimimum'' and inserting ``minimum''.
       (h) Section 102302.--The heading for subsection (d) of 
     section 102302 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by 
     striking ``Responsbilities'' and inserting 
     ``Responsibilities''.
       (i) Chapter 2003.--Chapter 2003 of title 54, United States 
     Code, is amended--
       (1) by amending section 200301 to read as follows:

     ``Sec. 200301. Purposes; definitions

       ``(a) Purposes.--The purposes of this chapter are--
       ``(1) to assist in preserving, developing, and assuring 
     accessibility to all citizens of the United States and 
     visitors who are lawfully present in the United States such 
     quality and quantity of outdoor recreation resources as may 
     be available and are necessary and desirable for individual 
     active participation in that recreation; and
       ``(2) to strengthen the health and vitality of the citizens 
     of the United States by--
       ``(A) providing funds for and authorizing Federal 
     assistance to the States in planning, acquisition, and 
     development of needed land and water areas and facilities; 
     and
       ``(B) providing funds for the Federal acquisition and 
     development of certain land and other areas.
       ``(b) Definitions.--In this chapter:
       ``(1) Fund.--The term `Fund' means the Land and Water 
     Conservation Fund established under section 200302 of this 
     title.
       ``(2) State.--The term `State' means a State, the District 
     of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Virgin 
     Islands, and the Northern Mariana Islands.'';
       (2) in section 200310(a), by striking ``section 
     9503(c)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 
     9503(c)(3)(B))'' and inserting ``section 9503(c)(3)(A) of the 
     Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9503(c)(3)(A))''; 
     and
       (3) in the chapter table of contents, by amending the item 
     relating to section 200301 to read as follows:
``200301.  Purposes; definitions.''.
       (j) Chapter 2005.--Chapter 2005 of title 54, United States 
     Code, is amended--
       (1) by amending section 200501 to read as follows:

     ``Sec. 200501. Purposes; complement to existing Federal 
       programs; definitions

       ``(a) Purposes.-- The purposes of this chapter are--

[[Page H6253]]

       ``(1) to authorize the Secretary to establish an urban park 
     and recreation recovery program that would provide Federal 
     grants to economically hard-pressed communities specifically 
     for the rehabilitation of critically needed recreation areas, 
     facilities, and development of improved recreation programs;
       ``(2) to improve recreation facilities and expand 
     recreation services in urban areas with a high incidence of 
     crime and to help deter crime through the expansion of 
     recreation opportunities for at-risk youth; and
       ``(3) to increase the security of urban parks and to 
     promote collaboration between local agencies involved in 
     parks and recreation, law enforcement, youth social services, 
     and juvenile justice system.
       ``(b) Complement Existing Federal Programs.--The urban park 
     and recreation recovery program is intended to complement 
     existing Federal programs such as the Land and Water 
     Conservation Fund and Community Development Grant Programs by 
     encouraging and stimulating local governments to revitalize 
     their park and recreation systems and to make long-term 
     commitments to continuing maintenance of these systems. The 
     assistance shall be subject to such terms and conditions as 
     the Secretary considers appropriate and in the public 
     interest to carry out the purposes of this chapter.
       ``(c) Definitions.-- In this chapter:
       ``(1) At-risk youth recreation grant.--
       ``(A) In general.--The term `at-risk youth recreation 
     grant' means a grant in a neighborhood or community with a 
     high prevalence of crime, particularly violent crime or crime 
     committed by youthful offenders.
       ``(B) Inclusions.--The term `at-risk youth recreation 
     grant' includes--
       ``(i) a rehabilitation grant;
       ``(ii) an innovation grant; and
       ``(iii) a matching grant for continuing program support for 
     a program of demonstrated value or success in providing 
     constructive alternatives to youth at risk for engaging in 
     criminal behavior, including a grant for operating, or 
     coordinating, a recreation program or service.
       ``(C) Additional uses of rehabilitation grant.--In addition 
     to the purposes specified in paragraph (8), a rehabilitation 
     grant that serves as an at-risk youth recreation grant may be 
     used for the provision of lighting, emergency phones, or any 
     other capital improvement that will improve the security of 
     an urban park.
       ``(2) General purpose local government.--The term `general 
     purpose local government' means--
       ``(A) a city, county, town, township, village, or other 
     general purpose political subdivision of a State; and
       ``(B) the District of Columbia.
       ``(3) Innovation grant.--The term `innovation grant' means 
     a matching grant to a local government to cover costs of 
     personnel, facilities, equipment, supplies, or services 
     designed to demonstrate innovative and cost-effective ways to 
     augment park and recreation opportunities at the neighborhood 
     level and to address common problems related to facility 
     operations and improved delivery of recreation service, not 
     including routine operation and maintenance activities.
       ``(4) Maintenance.--The term `maintenance' means all 
     commonly accepted practices necessary to keep recreation 
     areas and facilities operating in a state of good repair and 
     to protect them from deterioration resulting from normal wear 
     and tear.
       ``(5) Private, nonprofit agency.--The term `private, 
     nonprofit agency' means a community-based, nonprofit 
     organization, corporation, or association organized for 
     purposes of providing recreational, conservation, and 
     educational services directly to urban residents on a 
     neighborhood or communitywide basis through voluntary 
     donations, voluntary labor, or public or private grants.
       ``(6) Recovery action program grant.--
       ``(A) In general.--The term `recovery action program grant' 
     means a matching grant to a local government for development 
     of local park and recreation recovery action programs to meet 
     the requirements of this chapter.
       ``(B) Use.--A recovery action program grant shall be used 
     for resource and needs assessment, coordination, citizen 
     involvement and planning, and program development activities 
     to--
       ``(i) encourage public definition of goals; and
       ``(ii) develop priorities and strategies for overall 
     recreation system recovery.
       ``(7) Recreation area or facility.--The term `recreation 
     area or facility' means an indoor or outdoor park, building, 
     site, or other facility that is dedicated to recreation 
     purposes and administered by a public or private nonprofit 
     agency to serve the recreation needs of community residents. 
     Emphasis shall be on public facilities readily accessible to 
     residential neighborhoods, including multiple-use community 
     centers that have recreation as 1 of their primary purposes, 
     but excluding major sports arenas, exhibition areas, and 
     conference halls used primarily for commercial sports, 
     spectator, or display activities.
       ``(8) Rehabilitation grant.--The term `rehabilitation 
     grant' means a matching capital grant to a local government 
     for rebuilding, remodeling, expanding, or developing an 
     existing outdoor or indoor recreation area or facility, 
     including improvements in park landscapes, buildings, and 
     support facilities, but excluding routine maintenance and 
     upkeep activities.
       ``(9) Special purpose local government.--
       ``(A) In general.--The term `special purpose local 
     government' means a local or regional special district, 
     public-purpose corporation, or other limited political 
     subdivision of a State.
       ``(B) Inclusions.--The term `special purpose local 
     government' includes--
       ``(i) a park authority;
       ``(ii) a park, conservation, water, or sanitary district; 
     and
       ``(iii) a school district.
       ``(10) State.--The term `State' means a State, an 
     instrumentality of a State approved by the Governor of the 
     State, Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Virgin Islands, 
     and the Northern Mariana Islands.'';
       (2) in section 200503(c), by striking ``transferree'' and 
     inserting ``transferee''; and
       (3) in the chapter table of contents, by amending the item 
     relating to section 200501 to read as follows:
``200501.  Purposes; complement to existing Federal programs; 
              definitions.''.
       (k) Section 302302.--The heading for subsection (a) of 
     section 302302 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by 
     striking ``Occcur'' and inserting ``Occur''.
       (l) Section 302701.--Section 302701(e) of title 54, United 
     States Code, is amended by striking ``Preservations'' and 
     inserting ``Preservation''.
       (m) Section 302902.--The heading for paragraph (1) of 
     subsection (b) of section 302902 of title 54, United States 
     Code, is amended by striking ``In general'' and inserting 
     ``In general''.
       (n) Section 302908.--Section 302908(a) of title 54, United 
     States Code, is amended by inserting ``the'' before 
     ``Government of Palau''.
       (o) Section 308103.--Section 308103 of title 54, United 
     States Code is amended--
       (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows:
       ``(a) Definitions.--In this section:
       ``(1) Battlefield report.--The term `battlefield report' 
     means, collectively--
       ``(A) the report entitled `Report on the Nation's Civil War 
     Battlefields', prepared by the Civil War Sites Advisory 
     Commission, and dated July 1993; and
       ``(B) the report entitled `Report to Congress on the 
     Historic Preservation of Revolutionary War and War of 1812 
     Sites in the United States', prepared by the National Park 
     Service, and dated September 2007.
       ``(2) Eligible site.--The term `eligible site' means a 
     site--
       ``(A) that is not within the exterior boundaries of a 
     System unit; and
       ``(B) that is identified in the battlefield report.'';
       (2) in subsection (b), by inserting ``eligible sites or'' 
     after ``acquiring'';
       (3) in subsection (c), by inserting ``an eligible site or'' 
     after ``acquire'';
       (4) in subsection (d), by inserting ``an eligible site or'' 
     after ``acquiring'';
       (5) in subsection (e), by striking ``An'' and inserting 
     ``An eligible site or an'';
       (6) by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (h); and
       (7) by inserting after subsection (e) the following:
       ``(f) Willing Sellers.--Acquisition of land or interests in 
     land under this section shall be from willing sellers only.
       ``(g) Prohibition on Lobbying.--None of the funds provided 
     pursuant to this section shall be used in any way, directly 
     or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any 
     legislation or appropriation matters pending before 
     Congress.''.
       (p) Chapter 3083.--Chapter 3083 of title 54, United States 
     Code is amended--
       (1) by redesignating sections 308301 through 308304 as 
     sections 308302 through 308305;
       (2) by inserting before section 308302, as redesignated by 
     paragraph (1), the following:

     ``Sec. 308301. Purposes

       ``The purposes of this chapter are--
       ``(1) to recognize the importance of the Underground 
     Railroad, the sacrifices made by those who used the 
     Underground Railroad in search of freedom from tyranny and 
     oppression, and the sacrifices made by the people who helped 
     them; and
       ``(2) to authorize the Service to coordinate and facilitate 
     Federal and non-Federal activities to commemorate, honor, and 
     interpret the history of the Underground Railroad, its 
     significance as a crucial element in the evolution of the 
     national civil rights movement, and its relevance in 
     fostering the spirit of racial harmony and national 
     reconciliation.'';
       (3) in section 308302, as redesignated by paragraph (1), by 
     striking ``308302'' and inserting ``308303'';
       (4) in section 308305(a), as redesignated by paragraph 
     (1)--
       (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ``308302'' and inserting 
     ``308303''; and
       (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ``308303'' and inserting 
     ``308304''; and
       (5) in the chapter table of contents--
       (A) by redesignating the items relating to sections 308301 
     through 308304 as items relating to sections 308302 through 
     308305; and
       (B) by inserting before the item relating to section 
     308302, as redesignated by subparagraph (A), the following:
``308301.  Purposes.''.
       (q) Section 308704.--Section 308704(a)(1) of title 54, 
     United States Code, is amended by inserting ``subsection (c) 
     of this section or'' after ``sold under''.
       (r) Section 309101.--The heading for subsection (d) of 
     section 309101 of title 54, United

[[Page H6254]]

     States Code, is amended by striking ``Acquistion'' and 
     inserting ``Acquisition''.
       (s) Chapter 3111.--Chapter 3111 of title 54, United States 
     Code, is amended--
       (1) by amending section 311101 to read as follows:

     ``Sec. 311101. Purpose; definitions

       ``(a) Purpose.--The purpose of this section is to authorize 
     the Preserve America Program, including--
       ``(1) the Preserve America grant program in the Department 
     of the Interior;
       ``(2) the recognition programs administered by the Advisory 
     Council on Historic Preservation; and
       ``(3) the related efforts of Federal agencies, working in 
     partnership with State, tribal, and local governments and the 
     private sector, to support and promote the preservation of 
     historic resources.
       ``(b) Definitions.--In this chapter:
       ``(1) Council.--The term `Council' means the Advisory 
     Council on Historic Preservation.
       ``(2) Heritage tourism.--The term `heritage tourism' means 
     the conduct of activities to attract and accommodate visitors 
     to a site or area based on the unique or special aspects of 
     the history, landscape (including trail systems), and culture 
     of the site or area.
       ``(3) Program.--The term `program' means the Preserve 
     America Program established under section 311102(a).'';
       (2) in section 311105, by inserting ``, except that the 
     amount authorized to be appropriated to carry out this 
     section not appropriated as of the date of enactment of the 
     First State National Historical Park Act shall be reduced by 
     $6,500,000'' before the period at the end; and
       (3) in the chapter table of contents, by amending the item 
     relating to section 311101 to read as follows:
``311101.  Purpose; definitions.''.
       (t) Section 312304.--The heading for paragraph (4) of 
     subsection (b) of section 312304 of title 54, United States 
     Code, is amended by striking ``commisison'' and inserting 
     ``commission''.

     SEC. 7. TRANSITIONAL AND SAVINGS PROVISIONS

       (a) Definitions.--In this section:
       (1) Restated provision.--The term ``restated provision'' 
     means a provision of law that is enacted by section 6.
       (2) Source provision.--The term ``source provision'' means 
     a provision of law that is replaced by a restated provision.
       (b) Cutoff Date.--The restated provisions replace certain 
     provisions of law enacted on or before June 3, 2023. If a law 
     enacted after that date amends or repeals a source provision, 
     that law is deemed to amend or repeal, as the case may be, 
     the corresponding restated provision. If a law enacted after 
     that date is otherwise inconsistent with a restated provision 
     or a provision of this Act, that law supersedes the restated 
     provision or provision of this Act to the extent of the 
     inconsistency.
       (c) Original Date of Enactment Unchanged.--A restated 
     provision is deemed to have been enacted on the date of 
     enactment of the source provision.
       (d) References to Restated Provisions.--A reference to a 
     restated provision is deemed to refer to the corresponding 
     source provision.
       (e) References to Source Provisions.--A reference to a 
     source provision, including a reference in a regulation, 
     order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding 
     restated provision.
       (f) Regulations, Orders, and Other Administrative 
     Actions.--A regulation, order, or other administrative action 
     in effect under a source provision continues in effect under 
     the corresponding restated 54 provision.
       (g) Actions Taken and Offenses Committed.--An action taken 
     or an offense committed under a source provision is deemed to 
     have been taken or committed under the corresponding restated 
     provision.
       (h) Legislative Construction.--An inference of legislative 
     construction is not to be drawn by reason of a restated 
     provision's location in the United States Code or by reason 
     of the heading used for the restated provision.

     SEC. 8. REPEALS.

       The following provisions of law are repealed, except with 
     respect to rights and duties that matured, penalties that 
     were incurred, or proceedings that were begun before the date 
     of enactment of this Act:

                                            Schedule of Laws Repealed
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                     United States Code Former
                        Act                                    Section                     Classification
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Act of May 15, 1896 (ch. 182).....................                             1                  16 U.S.C. 411
                                                                               2                  16 U.S.C. 412
Act of March 3, 1897 (ch. 372)....................                             1                  16 U.S.C. 413
                                                                               2                  16 U.S.C. 414
                                                                               4                  16 U.S.C. 416
                                                                               5        16 U.S.C. 413, 414, 416
Act of August 24, 1912 (ch. 355)..................       1 (last paragraph under                  16 U.S.C. 421
                                                     heading ``national military
                                                        parks'' at 37 Stat. 442)
Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 (Pub.           title I, Sec.  1(b)               16 U.S.C. 460l-4
 L. 88-578).......................................
Public Law 95-344.................................       title III, Sec.  301(b)              16 U.S.C. 2301(b)
Urban Park and Recreation Recovery Act of 1978               title X, Sec.  1003                 16 U.S.C. 2502
 (Pub. L. 95-625).................................
National Park System Visitor Facilities Fund Act                               1            16 U.S.C. 19gg note
 (Pub. L. 97-433).................................
                                                                               2            16 U.S.C. 19aa note
                                                                               3            16 U.S.C. 19bb note
                                                                               4            16 U.S.C. 19cc note
                                                                               5            16 U.S.C. 19dd note
                                                                               6            16 U.S.C. 19ee note
                                                                               7            16 U.S.C. 19ff note
                                                                               8            16 U.S.C. 19gg note
Omnibus Parks and Public Land Management Act of         div. I, title VIII, Sec.               16 U.S.C. 17o(1)
 1996 (Pub. L. 104-333)...........................                     814(a)(1)
                                                        div. I, title VIII, Sec.                   16 U.S.C. 1f
                                                                  814(g)(4, (5))
National Underground Railroad Network to Freedom                            2(b)              16 U.S.C. 469l(b)
 Act of 1998 (Pub. L. 105-203)....................
Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Pub.        title VII, Sec.  7302(a)              16 U.S.C. 469n(a)
 L. 111-11).......................................
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Wisconsin (Mr. Tiffany) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin.


                             General Leave

  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and insert extraneous material on H.R. 7316.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Wisconsin?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7316. This bill was prepared 
for the Judiciary Committee by the Office of Law Revision Counsel.
  In 2014, Congress enacted a restatement of title 54 making it a 
positive law title. Since that time, Congress has continued to 
legislate on matters within title 54.
  H.R. 7316 further updates title 54 to account for those laws 
subsequently passed by Congress. This bill does not change the 
substance of any law on the books; it simply updates title 54 to 
account for laws passed by Congress.
  I thank my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee for the bipartisan 
way that we handle these bills.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge support for H.R. 7316, and I reserve the balance 
of my time.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7316, 
which makes a number of technical amendments to title 54 of the United 
States Code, while making no substantive changes.
  Mr. Speaker, I support the legislation. I urge my colleagues to do 
the same, and I yield back the balance of my time.

[[Page H6255]]

  

  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I also urge support, and I yield back the 
balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Tiffany) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 7316.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6255-H6265]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




  AMENDING CHAPTERS 4, 10, AND 131 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, AS 
    NECESSARY TO KEEP THOSE CHAPTERS CURRENT AND TO CORRECT RELATED 
                            TECHNICAL ERRORS

  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 7326) to amend chapters 4, 10, and 131 of title 5, United 
States Code, as necessary to keep those chapters current and to correct 
related technical errors.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7326

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. TABLE OF CONTENTS.

       The table of contents for this Act is as follows:

Sec. 1. Table of contents.
Sec. 2. Purpose; effect on existing law.
Sec. 3. Amendments to chapters 4, 10, and 131 of title 5, United States 
              Code.
Sec. 4. Conforming amendments.
Sec. 5. Transitional and savings provisions.

     SEC. 2. PURPOSE; EFFECT ON EXISTING LAW.

       (a) Purpose.--The purpose of this Act is to amend chapters 
     4, 10, and 131 of title 5, United States Code, as necessary--
       (1) to keep those chapters current by incorporating laws 
     enacted after October 19, 2021, that are deemed to amend or 
     repeal provisions of those chapters pursuant to section 5 of 
     Public Law 117-286 (136 Stat. 4360); and
       (2) to correct related technical errors.
       (b) Effect on Existing Law.--The amendments made by this 
     Act do not change the meaning or effect of the existing law. 
     The amendments only incorporate laws as described in 
     subsection (a) to reflect existing law in chapters 4, 10, and 
     131 of title 5, United States Code, and correct related 
     technical errors.

     SEC. 3. AMENDMENTS TO CHAPTERS 4, 10, AND 131 OF TITLE 5, 
                   UNITED STATES CODE.

       (a) Chapter 4 of Title 5, United States Code.--
       (1) Section 401.--
       (A) Section 401 of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), and (5) 
     as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), (5), and (6), respectively; and
       (ii) by inserting before paragraph (2), as redesignated, 
     the following new paragraph (1):
       ``(1) Appropriate congressional committees.--The term 
     `appropriate congressional committees' means--
       ``(A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs of the Senate;
       ``(B) the Committee on Oversight and Accountability of the 
     House of Representatives; and
       ``(C) any other relevant congressional committee or 
     subcommittee of jurisdiction.''.
       (B) Section 401(5) of title 5, United States Code, as 
     redesignated by subparagraph (A), is amended to read as 
     follows:
       ``(5) Inspector general.--Except as otherwise expressly 
     provided, the term `Inspector General' means the Inspector 
     General of an establishment.''.
       (2) Section 403.--
       (A) Section 403(b) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended to read as follows:
       ``(b) Removal or Transfer.--
       ``(1) Authority of president; written communication.--
       ``(A) In general.--An Inspector General may be removed from 
     office by the President. If an Inspector General is removed 
     from office or is transferred to another position or location 
     within an establishment, the President shall communicate in 
     writing the substantive rationale, including detailed and 
     case-specific reasons, for any such removal or transfer to 
     both Houses of Congress (including to the appropriate 
     congressional committees), not later than 30 days before the 
     removal or transfer. Nothing in this subsection shall 
     prohibit a personnel action otherwise authorized by law, 
     other than transfer or removal.
       ``(B) Written communication requirements in case of open or 
     completed inquiry.--If there is an open or completed inquiry 
     into an Inspector General that relates to the removal or 
     transfer of the Inspector General under subparagraph (A), the 
     written communication required under that subparagraph 
     shall--
       ``(i) identify each entity that is conducting, or that 
     conducted, the inquiry; and
       ``(ii) in the case of a completed inquiry, contain the 
     findings made during the inquiry.
       ``(2) Placement on non-duty status.--
       ``(A) Definition of inspector general; certain 
     references.--In this paragraph:
       ``(i) Inspector general.--The term `Inspector General'--

       ``(I) means an Inspector General who was appointed by the 
     President, without regard to whether the Senate provided 
     advice and consent with respect to that appointment; and
       ``(II) includes the Inspector General of an establishment, 
     the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, 
     the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief 
     Program, and the Special Inspector General for Pandemic 
     Recovery.

       ``(ii) Certain references relating to removal or 
     transfer.--A reference to the removal or transfer of an 
     Inspector General under paragraph (1), or to the written 
     communication described in that paragraph, shall be 
     considered to be--

       ``(I) in the case of the Special Inspector General for 
     Afghanistan Reconstruction, a reference to section 1229(c)(6) 
     of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
     2008 (Public Law 110-181, 5 U.S.C. 415 note);
       ``(II) in the case of the Special Inspector General for the 
     Troubled Asset Relief Program, a reference to section 
     121(b)(4) of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 
     (12 U.S.C. 5231(b)(4)); and
       ``(III) in the case of the Special Inspector General for 
     Pandemic Recovery, a reference to section 4018(b)(3) of the 
     Coronavirus Economic Stabilization Act of 2020 (15 U.S.C. 
     9053(b)(3)).

       ``(B) Authority of president.--Subject to the other 
     provisions of this paragraph, only the President may place an 
     Inspector General on non-duty status.
       ``(C) Written communication.--If the President places an 
     Inspector General on non-duty status, the President shall 
     communicate in writing the substantive rationale, including 
     detailed and case-specific reasons, for the change in status 
     to both Houses of Congress (including to the appropriate 
     congressional committees) not later than 15 days before the 
     date on which the change in status takes effect, except that 
     the President may submit that communication not later than 
     the date on which the change in status takes effect if--
       ``(i) the President has made a determination that the 
     continued presence of the Inspector General in the workplace 
     poses a threat described in any of clauses (i) through (iv) 
     of section 6329b(b)(2)(A) of this title; and
       ``(ii) in the communication, the President includes a 
     report on the determination described in clause (i), which 
     shall include--

       ``(I) a specification of which clause of section 
     6329b(b)(2)(A) of this title the President has determined 
     applies under clause (i) of this subparagraph;
       ``(II) the substantive rationale, including detailed and 
     case-specific reasons, for the determination made under 
     clause (i);
       ``(III) an identification of each entity that is 
     conducting, or that conducted, any inquiry upon which the 
     determination under clause (i) was made; and
       ``(IV) in the case of an inquiry described in subclause 
     (III) that is completed, the findings made during that 
     inquiry.

       ``(D) Placing inspector general on non-duty status during 
     specified period before removal or transfer.--The President 
     may not place an Inspector General on non-duty status during 
     the 30-day period preceding the date on which the Inspector 
     General is removed or transferred under paragraph (1)(A) 
     unless the President--
       ``(i) has made a determination that the continued presence 
     of the Inspector General in the workplace poses a threat 
     described in any of clauses (i) through (iv) of section 
     6329b(b)(2)(A) of this title; and
       ``(ii) not later than the date on which the change in 
     status takes effect, submits to both Houses of Congress 
     (including to the appropriate congressional committees) a 
     written communication that contains the information required 
     under subparagraph (C), including the report required under 
     clause (ii) of that subparagraph.''.
       (B) Section 403(d)(1)(C) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (i) in clause (i), in the matter before subclause (I), by 
     inserting ``, including employees of that Office of Inspector 
     General'' after ``employees''; and
       (ii) in clause (iii), by inserting ``(including the 
     Integrity Committee of that Council)'' after ``and 
     Efficiency''.
       (C) Section 403 of title 5, United States Code, is amended 
     by adding at the end the following:
       ``(h) Vacancy in Position of Inspector General.--
       ``(1) Definitions.--In this subsection:
       ``(A) First assistant to the position of inspector 
     general.--The term `first assistant to the position of 
     Inspector General' means, with respect to an Office of 
     Inspector General--
       ``(i) an individual who, as of the day before the date on 
     which the Inspector General dies, resigns, or otherwise 
     becomes unable to perform the functions and duties of that 
     position--

       ``(I) is serving in a position in that Office; and
       ``(II) has been designated in writing by the Inspector 
     General, through an order of succession or otherwise, as the 
     first assistant to the position of Inspector General; or

       ``(ii) if the Inspector General has not made a designation 
     described in clause (i)(II)--

       ``(I) the Principal Deputy Inspector General of that 
     Office, as of the day before the

[[Page H6256]]

     date on which the Inspector General dies, resigns, or 
     otherwise becomes unable to perform the functions and duties 
     of that position; or
       ``(II) if there is no Principal Deputy Inspector General of 
     that Office, the Deputy Inspector General of that Office, as 
     of the day before the date on which the Inspector General 
     dies, resigns, or otherwise becomes unable to perform the 
     functions and duties of that position.

       ``(B) Inspector general.--The term `Inspector General'--
       ``(i) means an Inspector General who is appointed by the 
     President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate; 
     and
       ``(ii) includes the Inspector General of an establishment, 
     the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief 
     Program, and the Special Inspector General for Pandemic 
     Recovery.
       ``(2) Death, resignation, or inability to perform 
     functions.--If an Inspector General dies, resigns, or is 
     otherwise unable to perform the functions and duties of the 
     position--
       ``(A) section 3345(a) of this title and section 103(e) of 
     the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3025(e)) shall 
     not apply;
       ``(B) subject to paragraph (4), the first assistant to the 
     position of Inspector General shall perform the functions and 
     duties of the Inspector General temporarily in an acting 
     capacity subject to the time limitations of section 3346 of 
     this title; and
       ``(C) notwithstanding subparagraph (B), and subject to 
     paragraphs (4) and (5), the President (and only the 
     President) may direct an officer or employee of any Office of 
     an Inspector General to perform the functions and duties of 
     the Inspector General temporarily in an acting capacity 
     subject to the time limitations of section 3346 of this title 
     only if--
       ``(i) during the 365-day period preceding the date of 
     death, resignation, or beginning of inability to serve of the 
     Inspector General, the officer or employee served in a 
     position in an Office of an Inspector General for not less 
     than 90 days, except that--

       ``(I) the requirement under this clause shall not apply if 
     the officer is an Inspector General; and
       ``(II) for the purposes of this subparagraph, performing 
     the functions and duties of an Inspector General temporarily 
     in an acting capacity does not qualify as service in a 
     position in an Office of an Inspector General;

       ``(ii) the rate of pay for the position of the officer or 
     employee described in clause (i) is equal to or greater than 
     the minimum rate of pay payable for a position at GS-15 of 
     the General Schedule;
       ``(iii) the officer or employee has demonstrated ability in 
     accounting, auditing, financial analysis, law, management 
     analysis, public administration, or investigations; and
       ``(iv) not later than 30 days before the date on which the 
     direction takes effect, the President communicates in writing 
     to both Houses of Congress (including to the appropriate 
     congressional committees) the substantive rationale, 
     including the detailed and case-specific reasons, for the 
     direction, including the reason for the direction that 
     someone other than the individual who is performing the 
     functions and duties of the Inspector General temporarily in 
     an acting capacity (as of the date on which the President 
     issues that direction) perform those functions and duties 
     temporarily in an acting capacity.
       ``(3) Non-duty status.--Notwithstanding section 3345(a) of 
     this title, and subparagraphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (2), 
     and subject to paragraph (4), during any period in which an 
     Inspector General is on non-duty status--
       ``(A) the first assistant to the position of Inspector 
     General shall perform the functions and duties of the 
     position temporarily in an acting capacity subject to the 
     time limitations of section 3346 of this title; and
       ``(B) if the first assistant described in subparagraph (A) 
     dies, resigns, or becomes otherwise unable to perform those 
     functions and duties, the President (and only the President) 
     may direct an officer or employee in that Office of Inspector 
     General to perform those functions and duties temporarily in 
     an acting capacity, subject to the time limitations of 
     section 3346 of this title, if--
       ``(i) that direction satisfies the requirements under 
     clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) of paragraph (2)(C); and
       ``(ii) that officer or employee served in a position in 
     that Office of Inspector General for not fewer than 90 of the 
     365 days preceding the date on which the President makes that 
     direction.
       ``(4) Acting capacity for 1 inspector general position at a 
     time.--An individual may perform the functions and duties of 
     an Inspector General temporarily and in an acting capacity 
     under subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2), or under 
     paragraph (3), with respect to only 1 Inspector General 
     position at any given time.
       ``(5) Thirty-day period before president's direction takes 
     effect.--If the President makes a direction under paragraph 
     (2)(C), during the 30-day period preceding the date on which 
     the direction of the President takes effect, the functions 
     and duties of the position of the applicable Inspector 
     General shall be performed by--
       ``(A) the first assistant to the position of Inspector 
     General; or
       ``(B) the individual performing those functions and duties 
     temporarily in an acting capacity, as of the date on which 
     the President issues that direction, if that individual is an 
     individual other than the first assistant to the position of 
     Inspector General.''.
       (3) Section 404.--
       (A) Section 404(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (i) by inserting ``, including'' after ``to make 
     recommendations''; and
       (ii) by inserting a comma after ``section 405(b) of this 
     title''.
       (B) Section 404(b)(1)(C) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``paragraph (1)'' and inserting 
     ``subparagraph (A)''.
       (4) Section 405.--Section 405 of title 5, United States 
     Code, is amended to read as follows:

     ``Sec. 405. Reports

       ``(a) Definitions.--In this section:
       ``(1) Disallowed costs.--The term `disallowed cost' means a 
     questioned cost that management, in a management decision, 
     has sustained or agreed should not be charged to the 
     Government.
       ``(2) Final action.--The term `final action' means--
       ``(A) the completion of all actions that the management of 
     an establishment has concluded, in its management decision, 
     are necessary with respect to the findings and 
     recommendations included in an audit report; and
       ``(B) in the event that the management of an establishment 
     concludes no action is necessary, final action occurs when a 
     management decision has been made.
       ``(3) Management decision.--The term `management decision' 
     means the evaluation by the management of an establishment of 
     the findings and recommendations included in an audit report 
     and the issuance of a final decision by management concerning 
     its response to the findings and recommendations, including 
     actions concluded to be necessary.
       ``(4) Questioned cost.--The term `questioned cost' means a 
     cost that is questioned by the Office because of--
       ``(A) an alleged violation of a provision of a law, 
     regulation, contract, grant, cooperative agreement, or other 
     agreement or document governing the expenditure of funds;
       ``(B) a finding that, at the time of the audit, the cost is 
     not supported by adequate documentation; or
       ``(C) a finding that the expenditure of funds for the 
     intended purpose is unnecessary or unreasonable.
       ``(5) Recommendation that funds be put to better use.--The 
     term `recommendation that funds be put to better use' means a 
     recommendation by the Office that funds could be used more 
     efficiently if management of an establishment took actions to 
     implement and complete the recommendation, including--
       ``(A) reductions in outlays;
       ``(B) deobligation of funds from programs or operations;
       ``(C) withdrawal of interest subsidy costs on loans or loan 
     guarantees, insurance, or bonds;
       ``(D) costs not incurred by implementing recommended 
     improvements related to the operations of the establishment, 
     a contractor, or grantee;
       ``(E) avoidance of unnecessary expenditures noted in 
     preaward reviews of contract or grant agreements; or
       ``(F) any other savings which are specifically identified.
       ``(6) Senior government employee.--The term `senior 
     Government employee' means--
       ``(A) an officer or employee in the executive branch 
     (including a special Government employee as defined in 
     section 202 of title 18) who occupies a position classified 
     at or above GS-15 of the General Schedule or, in the case of 
     positions not under the General Schedule, for which the rate 
     of basic pay is equal to or greater than 120 percent of the 
     minimum rate of basic pay payable for GS-15 of the General 
     Schedule; and
       ``(B) any commissioned officer in the Armed Forces in pay 
     grades O-6 and above.
       ``(7) Unsupported cost.--The term `unsupported cost' means 
     a cost that is questioned by the Office because the Office 
     found that, at the time of the audit, such cost is not 
     supported by adequate documentation.
       ``(b) Semiannual Reports.--Each Inspector General shall, 
     not later than April 30 and October 31 of each year, prepare 
     semiannual reports summarizing the activities of the Office 
     during the immediately preceding 6-month periods ending March 
     31 and September 30. The reports shall include, but need not 
     be limited to--
       ``(1) a description of significant problems, abuses, and 
     deficiencies relating to the administration of programs and 
     operations of the establishment and associated reports and 
     recommendations for corrective action made by the Office;
       ``(2) an identification of each recommendation made before 
     the reporting period, for which corrective action has not 
     been completed, including the potential costs savings 
     associated with the recommendation;
       ``(3) a summary of significant investigations closed during 
     the reporting period;
       ``(4) an identification of the total number of convictions 
     during the reporting period resulting from investigations;
       ``(5) information regarding each audit, inspection, or 
     evaluation report issued during the reporting period, 
     including--
       ``(A) a listing of each audit, inspection, or evaluation; 
     and
       ``(B) if applicable, the total dollar value of questioned 
     costs (including a separate category for the dollar value of 
     unsupported

[[Page H6257]]

     costs) and the dollar value of recommendations that funds be 
     put to better use, including whether a management decision 
     had been made by the end of the reporting period;
       ``(6) information regarding any management decision made 
     during the reporting period with respect to any audit, 
     inspection, or evaluation issued during a previous reporting 
     period;
       ``(7) the information described under section 804(b) of the 
     Federal Financial Management Improvement Act of 1996 (Public 
     Law 104-208, Sec. 101(f) [title VIII], 31 U.S.C. 3512 note);
       ``(8)(A) an appendix containing the results of any peer 
     review conducted by another Office of Inspector General 
     during the reporting period; or
       ``(B) if no peer review was conducted within that reporting 
     period, a statement identifying the date of the last peer 
     review conducted by another Office of Inspector General;
       ``(9) a list of any outstanding recommendations from any 
     peer review conducted by another Office of Inspector General 
     that have not been fully implemented, including a statement 
     describing the status of the implementation and why 
     implementation is not complete;
       ``(10) a list of any peer reviews conducted by the 
     Inspector General of another Office of the Inspector General 
     during the reporting period, including a list of any 
     outstanding recommendations made from any previous peer 
     review (including any peer review conducted before the 
     reporting period) that remain outstanding or have not been 
     fully implemented;
       ``(11) statistical tables showing--
       ``(A) the total number of investigative reports issued 
     during the reporting period;
       ``(B) the total number of persons referred to the 
     Department of Justice for criminal prosecution during the 
     reporting period;
       ``(C) the total number of persons referred to State and 
     local prosecuting authorities for criminal prosecution during 
     the reporting period; and
       ``(D) the total number of indictments and criminal 
     informations during the reporting period that resulted from 
     any prior referral to prosecuting authorities;
       ``(12) a description of the metrics used for developing the 
     data for the statistical tables under paragraph (11);
       ``(13) a report on each investigation conducted by the 
     Office where allegations of misconduct were substantiated 
     involving a senior Government employee or senior official (as 
     defined by the Office) if the establishment does not have 
     senior Government employees, which shall include--
       ``(A) the name of the senior Government employee, if 
     already made public by the Office; and
       ``(B) a detailed description of--
       ``(i) the facts and circumstances of the investigation; and
       ``(ii) the status and disposition of the matter, 
     including--

       ``(I) if the matter was referred to the Department of 
     Justice, the date of the referral; and
       ``(II) if the Department of Justice declined the referral, 
     the date of the declination;

       ``(14)(A) a detailed description of any instance of 
     whistleblower retaliation, including information about the 
     official found to have engaged in retaliation; and
       ``(B) what, if any, consequences the establishment actually 
     imposed to hold the official described in subparagraph (A) 
     accountable;
       ``(15) information related to interference by the 
     establishment, including--
       ``(A) a detailed description of any attempt by the 
     establishment to interfere with the independence of the 
     Office, including--
       ``(i) with budget constraints designed to limit the 
     capabilities of the Office; and
       ``(ii) incidents where the establishment has resisted or 
     objected to oversight activities of the Office or restricted 
     or significantly delayed access to information, including the 
     justification of the establishment for such action; and
       ``(B) a summary of each report made to the head of the 
     establishment under section 406(c)(2) of this title during 
     the reporting period; and
       ``(16) detailed descriptions of the particular 
     circumstances of each--
       ``(A) inspection, evaluation, and audit conducted by the 
     Office that is closed and was not disclosed to the public; 
     and
       ``(B) investigation conducted by the Office involving a 
     senior Government employee that is closed and was not 
     disclosed to the public.
       ``(c) Furnishing Semiannual Reports to Head of 
     Establishment and Congress.--Semiannual reports of each 
     Inspector General shall be furnished to the head of the 
     establishment involved not later than April 30 and October 31 
     of each year and shall be transmitted by the head of the 
     establishment to the appropriate congressional committees 
     within 30 days after receipt of the report, together with a 
     report by the head of the establishment containing--
       ``(1) any comments the head of the establishment determines 
     appropriate;
       ``(2) where final action on audit, inspection, and 
     evaluation reports had not been taken before the commencement 
     of the reporting period, statistical tables showing--
       ``(A) with respect to management decisions--
       ``(i) for each report, whether a management decision was 
     made during the reporting period;
       ``(ii) if a management decision was made during the 
     reporting period, the dollar value of disallowed costs and 
     funds to be put to better use as agreed to in the management 
     decision; and
       ``(iii) the total number of reports where a management 
     decision was made during the reporting period and the total 
     corresponding dollar value of disallowed costs and funds to 
     be put to better use as agreed to in the management decision; 
     and
       ``(B) with respect to final actions--
       ``(i) whether, if a management decision was made before the 
     end of the reporting period, final action was taken during 
     the reporting period;
       ``(ii) if final action was taken, the dollar value of--

       ``(I) disallowed costs that were recovered by management 
     through collection, offset, property in lieu of cash, or 
     otherwise;
       ``(II) disallowed costs that were written off by 
     management;
       ``(III) disallowed costs and funds to be put to better use 
     not yet recovered or written off by management;
       ``(IV) recommendations that were completed; and
       ``(V) recommendations that management has subsequently 
     concluded should not or could not be implemented or 
     completed; and

       ``(iii) the total number of reports where final action was 
     not taken and the total number of reports where final action 
     was taken, including the total corresponding dollar value of 
     disallowed costs and funds to be put to better use as agreed 
     to in the management decisions;
       ``(3) whether the establishment entered into a settlement 
     agreement with the official described in subsection 
     (b)(14)(A), which shall be reported regardless of any 
     confidentiality agreement relating to the settlement 
     agreement; and
       ``(4) a statement explaining why final action has not been 
     taken with respect to each audit, inspection, and evaluation 
     report in which a management decision has been made but final 
     action has not yet been taken, except that such statement--
       ``(A) may exclude reports if--
       ``(i) a management decision was made within the preceding 
     year; or
       ``(ii) the report is under formal administrative or 
     judicial appeal or management of the establishment has agreed 
     to pursue a legislative solution; and
       ``(B) shall identify the number of reports in each category 
     so excluded.
       ``(d) Reports Available to Public.--Within 60 days of the 
     transmission of the semiannual reports of each Inspector 
     General to Congress, the head of each establishment shall 
     make copies of the report available to the public upon 
     request and at a reasonable cost. Within 60 days after the 
     transmission of the semiannual reports of each establishment 
     head to Congress, the head of each establishment shall make 
     copies of the report available to the public upon request and 
     at a reasonable cost.
       ``(e) Reporting Serious Problems, Abuses, or 
     Deficiencies.--Each Inspector General shall report 
     immediately to the head of the establishment involved 
     whenever the Inspector General becomes aware of particularly 
     serious or flagrant problems, abuses, or deficiencies 
     relating to the administration of programs and operations of 
     the establishment. The head of the establishment shall 
     transmit any such report to the appropriate congressional 
     committees within 7 calendar days, together with a report by 
     the head of the establishment containing any comments the 
     establishment head deems appropriate.
       ``(f) Additional Reports Relating to Serious Problems, 
     Abuses, or Deficiencies.--
       ``(1) Report to inspector general.--The Chairperson of the 
     Integrity Committee of the Council of the Inspectors General 
     on Integrity and Efficiency shall, immediately whenever the 
     Chairperson of the Integrity Committee becomes aware of 
     particularly serious or flagrant problems, abuses, or 
     deficiencies relating to the administration of programs and 
     operations of an Office of Inspector General for which the 
     Integrity Committee may receive, review, and refer for 
     investigation allegations of wrongdoing under section 424(d) 
     of this title, submit a report to the Inspector General who 
     leads the Office at which the serious or flagrant problems, 
     abuses, or deficiencies were alleged.
       ``(2) Report to president, congress, and the 
     establishment.--Not later than 7 days after the date on which 
     an Inspector General receives a report submitted under 
     paragraph (1), the Inspector General shall submit to the 
     President, the appropriate congressional committees, and the 
     head of the establishment--
       ``(A) the report received under paragraph (1); and
       ``(B) a report by the Inspector General containing any 
     comments the Inspector General determines appropriate.
       ``(g) Submission of Information on Work Being Conducted by 
     the Office When There Is Change in Status of Inspector 
     General.--
       ``(1) In general.--Except as provided in paragraph (2), not 
     later than 15 days after an Inspector General is removed, 
     placed on paid or unpaid nonduty status, or transferred to 
     another position or location within an establishment, the 
     officer or employee performing the functions and duties of 
     the Inspector General temporarily in an acting capacity shall 
     submit to the appropriate congressional committees 
     information regarding

[[Page H6258]]

     work being conducted by the Office as of the date on which 
     the Inspector General was removed, placed on paid or unpaid 
     non-duty status, or transferred, which shall include--
       ``(A) for each investigation--
       ``(i) the type of alleged offense;
       ``(ii) the fiscal quarter in which the Office initiated the 
     investigation;
       ``(iii) the relevant Federal agency, including the relevant 
     component of that Federal agency for any Federal agency 
     listed in section 901(b) of title 31, under investigation or 
     affiliated with the individual or entity under investigation; 
     and
       ``(iv) whether the investigation is administrative, civil, 
     criminal, or a combination thereof, if known; and
       ``(B) for any work not described in subparagraph (A)--
       ``(i) a description of the subject matter and scope;
       ``(ii) the relevant agency, including the relevant 
     component of that Federal agency, under review;
       ``(iii) the date on which the Office initiated the work; 
     and
       ``(iv) the expected time frame for completion.
       ``(2) Intelligence community.--With respect to an inspector 
     general of an element of the intelligence community specified 
     in section 415(d)(2) of this title, the submission required 
     by paragraph (1) shall only be made to the committees of 
     Congress specified in section 415(d)(2)(E) of this title.
       ``(h) Limitation on Public Disclosure of Information.--
       ``(1) In general.--Nothing in this section shall be 
     construed to authorize the public disclosure of information 
     that is--
       ``(A) specifically prohibited from disclosure by any other 
     provision of law;
       ``(B) specifically required by Executive order to be 
     protected from disclosure in the interest of national defense 
     or national security or in the conduct of foreign affairs; or
       ``(C) a part of an ongoing criminal investigation.
       ``(2) Criminal investigation information in public 
     records.--Notwithstanding paragraph (1)(C), any report under 
     this section may be disclosed to the public in a form which 
     includes information with respect to a part of an ongoing 
     criminal investigation if such information has been included 
     in a public record.
       ``(3) Disclosures to congress.--Except to the extent and in 
     the manner provided under section 6103(f) of the Internal 
     Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 6103(f)), nothing in this 
     section or in any other provision of this chapter shall be 
     construed to authorize or permit the withholding of 
     information from Congress, or from any committee or 
     subcommittee of Congress.
       ``(4) Provision of information to members of congress.--
     Subject to any other provision of law that would otherwise 
     prohibit disclosure of such information, the information 
     described in paragraph (1) may be provided to any Member of 
     Congress upon request.
       ``(5) Protection of personally identifiable information of 
     whistleblowers.--An Office may not provide to Congress or the 
     public any information that reveals the personally 
     identifiable information of a whistleblower under this 
     section unless the Office first obtains the consent of the 
     whistleblower.
       ``(6) Notification of, and submission of written response 
     by, non-governmental organizations and business entities 
     identified in reports.--
       ``(A) In general.--Except as provided in subparagraph (B), 
     if an audit, evaluation, inspection, or other non-
     investigative report prepared by an Inspector General 
     specifically identifies a specific non-governmental 
     organization or business entity, whether or not the non-
     governmental organization or business entity is the subject 
     of that audit, evaluation, inspection, or non-investigative 
     report--
       ``(i) the Inspector General shall notify the non-
     governmental organization or business entity;
       ``(ii) the non-governmental organization or business entity 
     shall have--

       ``(I) 30 days to review the audit, evaluation, inspection, 
     or non-investigative report beginning on the date of 
     publication of the audit, evaluation, inspection, or non-
     investigative report; and
       ``(II) the opportunity to submit a written response for the 
     purpose of clarifying or providing additional context as it 
     directly relates to each instance wherein an audit, 
     evaluation, inspection, or non-investigative report 
     specifically identifies that non-governmental organization or 
     business entity; and

       ``(iii) if a written response is submitted under clause 
     (ii)(II) within the 30-day period described in clause 
     (ii)(I)--

       ``(I) the written response shall be attached to the audit, 
     evaluation, inspection, or non-investigative report; and
       ``(II) in every instance where the report may appear on the 
     public-facing website of the Inspector General, the website 
     shall be updated in order to access a version of the audit, 
     evaluation, inspection, or non-investigative report that 
     includes the written response.

       ``(B) Inapplicability to non-governmental organization and 
     business entities that refused to provide assistance.--
     Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to a non-
     governmental organization or business entity that refused to 
     provide information or assistance sought by an Inspector 
     General during the creation of the audit, evaluation, 
     inspection, or non-investigative report.
       ``(C) Review of written response.--An Inspector General 
     shall review any written response received under subparagraph 
     (A) for the purpose of preventing the improper disclosure of 
     classified information or other non-public information, 
     consistent with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and, 
     if necessary, redact such information.
       ``(i) Online Publication; Links.--If an Office has 
     published any portion of the report or information required 
     under subsection (b) to the website of the Office or on 
     oversight.gov, the Office may elect to provide links to the 
     relevant webpage or website in the report of the Office under 
     subsection (b) in lieu of including the information in that 
     report.''.
       (5) Section 406.--
       (A) Section 406(c) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by adding at the end the following:
       ``(3) Notice to congressional committees.--If the 
     information or assistance that is the subject of a report 
     under paragraph (2) is not provided to the Inspector General 
     by the date that is 30 days after the report is made, the 
     Inspector General shall submit a notice that the information 
     or assistance requested has not been provided by the head of 
     the establishment involved or the head of the Federal agency 
     involved, as applicable, to the appropriate congressional 
     committees.''.
       (B) Section 406(f)(3) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``Veterans' '' and inserting 
     ``Veterans''.
       (C) Subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 406(h)(4) of title 
     5, United States Code, are amended to read as follows:
       ``(B) The Committee on Oversight and Accountability, the 
     Committee on the Judiciary, and the Permanent Select 
     Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives.
       ``(C) Any other relevant congressional committee or 
     subcommittee of jurisdiction.''.
       (D) Section 406(j)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 552a of title 5'' and inserting 
     ``section 552a of this title''.
       (6) Section 408.--
       (A) Section 408(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended to read as follows:
       ``(3) Statement concerning exercise of power.--If the 
     Secretary of Defense exercises any power under paragraph (1) 
     or (2), the Inspector General shall submit a statement 
     concerning that exercise of power within 30 days to the 
     appropriate congressional committees, including the Committee 
     on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed 
     Services of the House of Representatives.''.
       (B) Section 408(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``and to other appropriate committees or 
     subcommittees''.
       (C) Section 408(f)(1) (matter before subparagraph (A)) of 
     title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
       ``(1) Reports transmitted to congressional committees.--
     Each semiannual report prepared by the Inspector General of 
     the Department of Defense under section 405(b) of this title 
     shall be transmitted by the Secretary of Defense to the 
     appropriate congressional committees, including the Committee 
     on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed 
     Services of the House of Representatives. Each report shall 
     include--''.
       (D) Section 408(f)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``committees or subcommittees of the 
     Congress'' and inserting ``congressional committees''.
       (7) Section 412.--
       (A) Section 412(a)(3) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended to read as follows:
       ``(3) Notification and statement of reasons for exercise of 
     power.--If the Secretary of the Treasury exercises any power 
     under paragraph (1) or (2), the Secretary of the Treasury 
     shall notify the Inspector General of the Department of the 
     Treasury in writing, stating the reasons for such exercise. 
     Within 30 days after receipt of any such notice, the 
     Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury shall 
     transmit a copy of such notice to the appropriate 
     congressional committees, including the Committee on Finance 
     of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the 
     House of Representatives.''.
       (B) Section 412(g)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended to read as follows:
       ``(1) Reports to congressional committees.--Any report 
     required to be transmitted by the Secretary of the Treasury 
     to the appropriate congressional committees under section 
     405(e) of this title shall also be transmitted, within the 7-
     day period specified under such section, to the Committee on 
     Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of 
     the House of Representatives.''.
       (C) Section 412(g)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``committees or subcommittees of 
     Congress'' and inserting ``congressional committees''.
       (D) Section 412(j) (matter before paragraph (1)) of title 
     5, United States Code, is amended--
       (i) by striking ``section 403(d)(1)(B)(i) of this title 
     (or, effective November 27, 2017, section 403(d)(2)(B)(i) of 
     this title)'' and inserting ``section 403(d)(1)(A) of this 
     title''; and
       (ii) by striking ``section 403(d)(1)(B)(ii) of this title 
     (or, effective November 27, 2017,

[[Page H6259]]

     section 403(d)(2)(B)(ii) of this title)'' and inserting 
     ``section 403(d)(1)(B) of this title''.
       (8) Section 413.--
       (A) Section 413(a)(3) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended to read as follows:
       ``(3) Notification and statement of reasons for exercise of 
     power.--If the Attorney General exercises any power under 
     paragraph (1) or (2), the Attorney General shall notify the 
     Inspector General in writing, stating the reasons for such 
     exercise. Within 30 days after receipt of any such notice, 
     the Inspector General shall transmit a copy of such notice to 
     the appropriate congressional committees, including the 
     Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on 
     the Judiciary of the House of Representatives.''.
       (B) Section 413(c) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended to read as follows:
       ``(c) Reports.--Any report required to be transmitted by 
     the Attorney General to the appropriate congressional 
     committees under section 405(e) of this title shall also be 
     transmitted, within the 7-day period specified under that 
     section, to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and 
     the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of 
     Representatives.''.
       (9) Section 415.--
       (A) Section 415(a)(1)(A) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``the Postal Regulatory Commission,''.
       (B) Section 415(e) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended to read as follows:
       ``(e) Removal.--
       ``(1) Board, chairman of committee, or commission is head 
     of designated federal entity.--In the case of a designated 
     Federal entity for which a board, chairman of a committee, or 
     commission is the head of the designated Federal entity, a 
     removal or placement on non-duty status under this subsection 
     may only be made upon the written concurrence of a \2/3\ 
     majority of the board, committee, or commission.
       ``(2) Inspector general removed or transferred.--
       ``(A) In general.--If an Inspector General is removed from 
     office or is transferred to another position or location 
     within a designated Federal entity, the head of the 
     designated Federal entity shall communicate in writing the 
     substantive rationale, including detailed and case-specific 
     reasons, for any such removal or transfer to both Houses of 
     Congress (including to the appropriate congressional 
     committees), not later than 30 days before the removal or 
     transfer. Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit a 
     personnel action otherwise authorized by law, other than 
     transfer or removal.
       ``(B) Written communication requirements in case of open or 
     completed inquiry.--If there is an open or completed inquiry 
     into an Inspector General that relates to the removal or 
     transfer of the Inspector General under subparagraph (A), the 
     written communication required under that subparagraph 
     shall--
       ``(i) identify each entity that is conducting, or that 
     conducted, the inquiry; and
       ``(ii) in the case of a completed inquiry, contain the 
     findings made during the inquiry.
       ``(3) Inspector general placement on non-duty status.--
       ``(A) Authority of covered official.--Subject to the other 
     provisions of this paragraph, only the head of the applicable 
     designated Federal entity (referred to in this paragraph as 
     the `covered official') may place an Inspector General on 
     non-duty status.
       ``(B) Written communication.--If a covered official places 
     an Inspector General on non-duty status, the covered official 
     shall communicate in writing the substantive rationale, 
     including detailed and case-specific reasons, for the change 
     in status to both Houses of Congress (including to the 
     appropriate congressional committees) not later than 15 days 
     before the date on which the change in status takes effect, 
     except that the covered official may submit that 
     communication not later than the date on which the change in 
     status takes effect if--
       ``(i) the covered official has made a determination that 
     the continued presence of the Inspector General in the 
     workplace poses a threat described in any of clauses (i) 
     through (iv) of section 6329b(b)(2)(A) of this title; and
       ``(ii) in the communication, the covered official includes 
     a report on the determination described in clause (i), which 
     shall include--

       ``(I) a specification of which clause of section 
     6329b(b)(2)(A) of this title the covered official has 
     determined applies under clause (i) of this subparagraph;
       ``(II) the substantive rationale, including detailed and 
     case-specific reasons, for the determination made under 
     clause (i);
       ``(III) an identification of each entity that is 
     conducting, or that conducted, any inquiry upon which the 
     determination under clause (i) was made; and
       ``(IV) in the case of an inquiry described in subclause 
     (III) that is completed, the findings made during that 
     inquiry.

       ``(C) Placing inspector general on non-duty status during 
     specified period before removal or transfer.--A covered 
     official may not place an Inspector General on non-duty 
     status during the 30-day period preceding the date on which 
     the Inspector General is removed or transferred under 
     paragraph (2)(A) unless the covered official--
       ``(i) has made a determination that the continued presence 
     of the Inspector General in the workplace poses a threat 
     described in any of clauses (i) through (iv) of section 
     6329b(b)(2)(A) of this title; and
       ``(ii) not later than the date on which the change in 
     status takes effect, submits to both Houses of Congress 
     (including to the appropriate congressional committees) a 
     written communication that contains the information required 
     under subparagraph (B), including the report required under 
     clause (ii) of that subparagraph.
       ``(D) Construction relating to protections and 
     authorities.--Nothing in this paragraph may be construed to 
     limit or otherwise modify--
       ``(i) any statutory protection that is afforded to an 
     Inspector General; or
       ``(ii) any other action that a covered official may take 
     under law with respect to an Inspector General.''.
       (C) Section 415(f)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended to read as follows:
       ``(2) Oversight responsibilities of inspector general.--
       ``(A) Postal inspection service.--In carrying out the 
     duties and responsibilities specified in this chapter, the 
     Inspector General of the United States Postal Service 
     (hereinafter in this subsection referred to as the `Inspector 
     General') shall have oversight responsibility for all 
     activities of the Postal Inspection Service, including any 
     internal investigation performed by the Postal Inspection 
     Service. The Chief Postal Inspector shall promptly report the 
     significant activities being carried out by the Postal 
     Inspection Service to such Inspector General.
       ``(B) Postal regulatory commission.--In carrying out the 
     duties and responsibilities specified in this chapter, the 
     Inspector General shall function as the Inspector General for 
     the Postal Regulatory Commission, and shall have equal 
     responsibility over the United States Postal Service and the 
     Postal Regulatory Commission. The Postal Regulatory 
     Commission shall comply with the Inspector General's 
     oversight as if the Postal Regulatory Commission were a 
     designated Federal entity under subsection (a)(1) and as if 
     the Inspector General were the inspector general of the 
     Postal Regulatory Commission. The Governors of the Postal 
     Service shall not direct oversight activities for the Postal 
     Regulatory Commission.''.
       (D) Section 415(f)(3)(A)(i) (matter before subclause (I)) 
     of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as 
     follows:
       ``(i) Access to sensitive information.--Notwithstanding 
     subsection (d), the Inspector General shall be under the 
     authority, direction, and control of the Governors with 
     respect to audits or investigations, or the issuance of 
     subpoenas, pertaining to the United States Postal Service, 
     which audits, investigations, and subpoenas require access to 
     sensitive information concerning--''.
       (E) Section 415(f)(3)(A)(iii) of title 5, United States 
     Code, is amended to read as follows:
       ``(iii) Notification of reasons for exercise of power.--If 
     the Governors exercise any power under clause (i) or (ii), 
     the Governors shall notify the Inspector General in writing, 
     stating the reasons for such exercise. Within 30 days after 
     receipt of any such notice, the Inspector General shall 
     transmit a copy of such notice to the appropriate 
     congressional committees.''.
       (F) Section 415(f)(3)(B)(i) of title 5, United States Code, 
     is amended by inserting ``and the Postal Regulatory 
     Commission'' after ``United States Postal Service''.
       (G) Section 415(f)(3) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking subparagraph (C).
       (H) Section 415(f) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (i) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as 
     paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), respectively; and
       (ii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following:
       ``(4) Applicability to activities pertaining to the postal 
     regulatory commission.--For activities pertaining to the 
     Postal Regulatory Commission, sections 404, 405, 406 (other 
     than subsection (g)), and 407 of this title shall be applied 
     by substituting the term `head of the Postal Regulatory 
     Commission' for `head of the establishment'.''.
       (10) Section 416.--Section 416(a) of title 5, United States 
     Code, is amended to read as follows:
       ``(a) Definitions; Authority To Determine Whether Complaint 
     or Information Is a Matter of Urgent Concern.--
       ``(1) Definitions.--In this section:
       ``(A) Intelligence committees.--The term `intelligence 
     committees' means the Permanent Select Committee on 
     Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select 
     Committee on Intelligence of the Senate.
       ``(B) Urgent concern.--The term `urgent concern' means any 
     of the following:
       ``(i) A serious or flagrant problem, abuse, violation of 
     law or Executive order, or deficiency relating to the 
     funding, administration, or operations of an intelligence 
     activity of the Federal Government that is--

       ``(I) a matter of national security; and
       ``(II) not a difference of opinion concerning public policy 
     matters.

       ``(ii) A false statement to Congress, or a willful 
     withholding from Congress, on an issue of material fact 
     relating to the funding, administration, or operation of an 
     intelligence activity.
       ``(iii) An action, including a personnel action described 
     in section 2302(a)(2)(A) of this title constituting reprisal 
     or threat of reprisal prohibited under section 407(c) of this 
     title in response to an employee's reporting an urgent 
     concern in accordance with this section.
       ``(2) Authority to determine whether complaint or 
     information is a matter of

[[Page H6260]]

     urgent concern.--Within the executive branch, an Inspector 
     General to whom any complaint or information is reported 
     under this section shall have sole authority to determine 
     whether the complaint or information is a matter of urgent 
     concern under this section.''.
       (11) Section 417.--
       (A) Section 417(a)(3) (matter before subparagraph (A)) of 
     title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking 
     ``committees and subcommittees of Congress'' and inserting 
     ``congressional committees''.
       (B) Section 417(d) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended to read as follows:
       ``(d) Reports.--Any report required to be transmitted by 
     the Secretary of Homeland Security to the appropriate 
     congressional committees under section 405(e) of this title 
     shall be transmitted, within the 7-day period specified in 
     section 405(e) of this title, to the President of the Senate, 
     the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and appropriate 
     congressional committees.''.
       (12) Section 419.--Section 419 of title 5, United States 
     Code, is amended as follows:
       (A) Section 419(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 113(n) of title 10'' and 
     inserting ``section 113(o) of title 10''.
       (B) Section 419(d)(1)(A) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``overeas'' and inserting ``overseas''.
       (C) Section 419(d)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 113(n) of title 10'' and 
     inserting ``section 113(o) of title 10''.
       (D) Section 419(d)(5) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``Ccompetitive'' 
     and inserting ``Competitive'';
       (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``a lead Inspector 
     General for'' and inserting ``any of the Inspectors General 
     specified in subsection (c) for oversight of''; and
       (iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``December 19, 
     2019'' and inserting ``December 20, 2019''.
       (13) Section 421.--Section 421(b) of title 5, United States 
     Code, is amended by striking ``committees of Congress'' and 
     inserting ``congressional committees''.
       (14) Section 424.--
       (A) Section 424(b)(3)(B)(viii) of title 5, United States 
     Code, is amended--
       (i) by striking subclauses (III) and (IV);
       (ii) in subclause (I), by adding ``and'' at the end; and
       (iii) by amending subclause (II) to read as follows:

       ``(II) the appropriate congressional committees.''.

       (B) Section 424(c)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) through (I) as 
     subparagraphs (F) through (J), respectively; and
       (ii) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following:
       ``(E) support the professional development of Inspectors 
     General, including by providing training opportunities on the 
     duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this chapter 
     and on topics relevant to Inspectors General and the work of 
     Inspectors General, as identified by Inspectors General and 
     the Council.''.
       (C) Section 424(c)(3) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by adding at the end the following:
       ``(D) Report on expenditures.--Not later than November 30 
     of each year, the Chairperson shall submit to the appropriate 
     congressional committees, including the Committee on 
     Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on 
     Appropriations of the House of Representatives, a report on 
     the expenditures of the Council for the preceding fiscal 
     year, including from direct appropriations to the Council, 
     interagency funding pursuant to subparagraph (A), a revolving 
     fund pursuant to subparagraph (B), or any other source.''.
       (D) Section 424(c)(5)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``, allegations of reprisal,'' and 
     inserting ``and allegations of reprisal (including the timely 
     and appropriate handling and consideration of protected 
     disclosures and allegations of reprisal that are internal to 
     an Office of Inspector General)''.
       (E) Section 424(d)(5)(B)(ii) of title 5, United States 
     Code, is amended by striking the period at the end and 
     inserting ``, the length of time the Integrity Committee has 
     been evaluating the allegation of wrongdoing, and a 
     description of any previous written notice provided under 
     this clause with respect to the allegation of wrongdoing, 
     including the description provided for why additional time 
     was needed.''.
       (F) Section 424(d)(5)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by adding at the end the following:
       ``(iii) Availability of information to congress on certain 
     allegations of wrongdoing closed without referral.--With 
     respect to an allegation of wrongdoing made by a Member of 
     Congress that is closed by the Integrity Committee without 
     referral to the Chairperson of the Integrity Committee to 
     initiate an investigation, the Chairperson of the Integrity 
     Committee shall, not later than 60 days after closing the 
     allegation of wrongdoing, provide a written description of 
     the nature of the allegation of wrongdoing and how the 
     Integrity Committee evaluated the allegation of wrongdoing 
     to--

       ``(I) the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the 
     Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of 
     the Senate; and
       ``(II) the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the 
     Committee on Oversight and Accountability of the House of 
     Representatives.''.

       (G) Section 424(d)(7)(B)(i)(V) of title 5, United States 
     Code, is amended by inserting ``, and that an investigation 
     of an Office of Inspector General of an establishment is 
     conducted by another Office of Inspector General of an 
     establishment'' after ``size''.
       (H) Section 424(d)(8)(A)(ii) of title 5, United States 
     Code, is amended by inserting ``or corrective action'' after 
     ``disciplinary action''.
       (I) Section 424(d)(8)(A)(iii) of title 5, United States 
     Code, is amended by striking ``to the'' and all that follows 
     through ``jurisdiction'' and inserting ``to the appropriate 
     congressional committees''.
       (J) Section 424(d)(8)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by inserting ``and the appropriate congressional 
     committees'' after ``Integrity Committee''.
       (K) Section 424(d)(9) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended to read as follows:
       ``(9) Semiannual report.--On or before May 31, 2023, and 
     every 6 months thereafter, the Council shall submit to 
     Congress and the President a report on the activities of the 
     Integrity Committee during the immediately preceding 6-month 
     periods ending March 31 and September 30, which shall include 
     the following with respect to allegations of wrongdoing that 
     are made against Inspectors General and staff members of the 
     various Offices of Inspector General described in paragraph 
     (4)(C):
       ``(A) An overview and analysis of the allegations of 
     wrongdoing disposed of by the Integrity Committee, 
     including--
       ``(i) analysis of the positions held by individuals against 
     whom allegations were made, including the duties affiliated 
     with such positions;
       ``(ii) analysis of the categories or types of the 
     allegations of wrongdoing; and
       ``(iii) a summary of disposition of all the allegations.
       ``(B) The number of allegations received by the Integrity 
     Committee.
       ``(C) The number of allegations referred to the Department 
     of Justice or the Office of Special Counsel, including the 
     number of allegations referred for criminal investigation.
       ``(D) The number of allegations referred to the Chairperson 
     of the Integrity Committee for investigation, a general 
     description of the status of such investigations, and a 
     summary of the findings of investigations completed.
       ``(E) An overview and analysis of allegations of wrongdoing 
     received by the Integrity Committee during any previous 
     reporting period, but remained pending during some part of 
     the 6 months covered by the report, including--
       ``(i) analysis of the positions held by individuals against 
     whom allegations were made, including the duties affiliated 
     with such positions;
       ``(ii) analysis of the categories or types of the 
     allegations of wrongdoing; and
       ``(iii) a summary of disposition of all the allegations.
       ``(F) The number and category or type of pending 
     investigations.
       ``(G) For each allegation received--
       ``(i) the date on which the investigation was opened;
       ``(ii) the date on which the allegation was disposed of, as 
     applicable; and
       ``(iii) the case number associated with the allegation.
       ``(H) The nature and number of allegations to the Integrity 
     Committee closed without referral, including the 
     justification for why each allegation was closed without 
     referral.
       ``(I) A brief description of any difficulty encountered by 
     the Integrity Committee when receiving, evaluating, 
     investigating, or referring for investigation an allegation 
     received by the Integrity Committee, including a brief 
     description of--
       ``(i) any attempt to prevent or hinder an investigation; or
       ``(ii) concerns about the integrity or operations at an 
     Office of Inspector General.
       ``(J) Other matters that the Council considers 
     appropriate.''.
       (b) Chapter 10 of Title 5, United States Code.--Section 
     1013(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by 
     striking ``Government'' and inserting ``Government,''.
       (c) Chapter 131 of Title 5, United States Code.--
       (1) Section 13104.--Section 13104(f)(4)(B)(i)(III) of title 
     5, United States Code, is amended by striking ``paragraphs 
     (3)(C)(iii) and (iv) of this subsection'' and inserting 
     ``clauses (iii) and (iv) of paragraph (3)(C) of this 
     subsection''.
       (2) Section 13105.--
       (A) Section 13105(l) (matter before paragraph (1)) of title 
     5, United States Code, is amended by inserting a closing 
     parenthesis after ``section 13104(a)(5)(B''.
       (B) Section 13105(l) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (i) in paragraph (9), by striking ``, as defined under 
     section 13101 of this title''; and
       (ii) in paragraph (10)--

       (I) by striking ``the Congress'' and inserting 
     ``Congress''; and
       (II) by striking ``, as defined under section 13101 of this 
     title''.

       (C) Section 13105(l) of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended by adding at the end the following:
       ``(11) Each judicial officer.
       ``(12) Each bankruptcy judge appointed under section 152 of 
     title 28.

[[Page H6261]]

       ``(13) Each United States magistrate judge appointed under 
     section 631 of title 28.''.
       (3) Section 13107.--
       (A) Section 13107(b)(3)(A) of title 5, United States Code, 
     is amended by striking ``described in paragraph (9) or (10) 
     of section 13101 of this title'' and inserting ``who is a 
     judicial officer or a judicial employee''.
       (B) Section 13107 of title 5, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (i) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections 
     (d) and (e), respectively; and
       (ii) by inserting after subsection (b) the following:
       ``(c) Online Publication of Financial Disclosure Reports of 
     Federal Judges.--
       ``(1) Establishment of database.--Subject to paragraph (4), 
     not later than 180 days after May 13, 2022, the 
     Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall 
     establish a searchable internet database to enable public 
     access to any report required to be filed under this 
     subchapter by a judicial officer, bankruptcy judge, or 
     magistrate judge.
       ``(2) Availability.--Not later than 90 days after the date 
     on which a report is required to be filed under this 
     subchapter by a judicial officer, bankruptcy judge, or 
     magistrate judge, the Administrative Office of the United 
     States Courts shall make the report available on the database 
     established under paragraph (1) in a full-text searchable, 
     sortable, and downloadable format for access by the public.
       ``(3) Redaction.--Any report made available on the database 
     established under paragraph (1) shall not contain any 
     information that is redacted in accordance with subsection 
     (b)(3).
       ``(4) Additional time.--
       ``(A) In general.--Subject to subparagraph (B), the 
     requirements of this subsection may be implemented after the 
     date described in paragraph (1) if the Administrative Office 
     of the United States Courts identifies in writing to the 
     relevant committees of Congress the additional time needed 
     for that implementation.
       ``(B) Publication requirement.--The Administrative Office 
     of the United States Courts shall continue to make the 
     reports described in paragraph (1) available to the public 
     during the period in which the Administrative Office of the 
     United States Courts establishes the database under this 
     subsection.''.
       (4) Section 13109.--Section 13109(a)(1) of title 5, United 
     States Code, is amended in the last sentence by striking 
     ``and (d)'' and inserting ``and (e)''.

     SEC. 4. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.

       (a) Amendments To Update References to the Inspector 
     General Act of 1978.--
       (1) Title 2.--
       (A) The Library of Congress Inspector General Act of 2005 
     (2 U.S.C. 185) is amended--
       (i) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ``Sections 4, 5 
     (other than subsection (a)(13)), 6 (other than subsection 
     (a)(7)), and 7 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. 
     App.)'' and inserting ``Sections 404, 405 (other than 
     subsection (b)(7)), 406 (other than subsection (a)(7)), and 
     407 of title 5, United States Code,'';
       (ii) in subsection (d)(2)(C), by striking ``section 6(a)(8) 
     of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``section 406(a)(8) of title 5, United States 
     Code''; and
       (iii) in subsection (d)(3)(C)(i), by striking ``section 5 
     of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.),'' and 
     inserting ``section 405 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (B) The Architect of the Capitol Inspector General Act of 
     2007 (2 U.S.C. 1808) is amended--
       (i) in subsection (d)(2)(C), by striking ``section 6(a)(8) 
     of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``section 406(a)(8) of title 5, United States 
     Code''; and
       (ii) in subsection (d)(3)(C)(i), by striking ``section 5 of 
     the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.),'' and 
     inserting ``section 405 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (2) Title 5.--Section 15010 of the Emergency Appropriations 
     for Coronavirus Health Response and Agency Operations (Public 
     Law 116-136, div. B, 5 U.S.C. 424 note) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (a)(4), by striking ``section 11 of the 
     Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App)'' and inserting 
     ``section 424 of title 5, United States Code'';
       (B) in subsection (e)(3)(A)(i), by striking ``section 6 of 
     the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``section 406 of title 5, United States Code'';
       (C) in subsection (e)(3)(A)(iii), by striking ``section 6 
     of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``section 406 of title 5, United States Code'';
       (D) in subsection (e)(3)(B), by striking ``section 4(b)(1) 
     of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``section 404(b)(1) of title 5, United States 
     Code'';
       (E) in subsection (e)(4)(C), by striking ``section 6 of the 
     Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``section 406 of title 5, United States Code''; and
       (F) in subsection (f)(3), by striking ``section 6 of the 
     Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.),'' and 
     inserting ``section 406 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (3) Title 7.--Section 1337 (matter after paragraph (3)) of 
     the Food Stamp and Commodity Distribution Amendments of 1981 
     (7 U.S.C. 2270 (matter after paragraph (3))) is amended by 
     striking ``described in section 9 of the Inspector General 
     Act of 1978 (Public Law 95-452, 92 Stat. 1107)'' and 
     inserting ``described in section 422 of title 5, United 
     States Code''.
       (4) Title 10.--
       (A) Section 113(o) of title 10, United States Code, is 
     amended in the subsection heading by striking ``Inspector 
     General Act of 1978'' and inserting ``Chapter 4 of Title 5''.
       (B) Section 554(a) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry 
     National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 
     (Public Law 116-283, 10 U.S.C. 141 note) is amended--
       (i) in paragraph (2), in the matter before subparagraph 
     (A), by striking ``the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public 
     Law 95-452; 5 U.S.C. App.),'' and inserting ``chapter 4 of 
     title 5, United States Code,'';
       (ii) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ``section 5 of the 
     Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)..'' and 
     inserting ``section 405 of title 5, United States Code.''; 
     and
       (iii) in paragraph (4)(E), by striking ``the Inspector 
     General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)..'' and inserting 
     ``chapter 4 of title 5, United States Code.''.
       (C) Section 1034(f)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, 
     is amended by striking ``section 5 of the Inspector General 
     Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``section 405 
     title 5''.
       (5) Title 15.--
       (A) Section 1107(a)(3) of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and 
     Economic Security Act (15 U.S.C. 9006(a)(3)) is amended by 
     striking ``the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. 
     App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 4 of title 5, United States 
     Code''.
       (B) Section 2115 of the Relief for Workers Affected by 
     Coronavirus Act (15 U.S.C. 9031) is amended by striking ``the 
     Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``chapter 4 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (C) Section 4018 of the Coronavirus Economic Stabilization 
     Act of 2020 (15 U.S.C. 9053) is amended--
       (i) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ``section 3(b) of the 
     Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``section 403(b) of title 5, United States Code'';
       (ii) in subsection (b)(5), by striking ``section 3(e) of 
     the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``section 403(e) of title 5, United States Code'';
       (iii) in subsection (c)(1), in the matter before 
     subparagraph (A), by striking ``section 4(b)(1) of the 
     Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.),'' and 
     inserting ``section 404(b)(1) of title 5, United States 
     Code,'';
       (iv) in subsection (c)(3), by striking ``the Inspector 
     General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 
     4 of title 5, United States Code'';
       (v) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ``section 6 of the 
     Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``section 406 of title 5, United States Code'';
       (vi) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ``section 6(f)(3) of 
     the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``section 406(f)(3) of title 5, United States 
     Code,''; and
       (vii) in subsection (i), by striking ``section 11 of the 
     Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``section 424 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (D) Section 501 of division N of the Consolidated 
     Appropriations Act, 2021 (15 U.S.C. 9058a) is amended--
       (i) in subsection (b)(1)(A)(ii), by striking ``subsection 
     (a) of this Act'' and inserting ``subsection (a) of this 
     section'';
       (ii) in subsection (i)(4), by striking ``the Inspector 
     General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 
     4 of title 5, United States Code.''; and
       (ii) in subsection (k)(3)(A)(i), by striking ``has'' and 
     inserting ``has--''.
       (6) Title 22.--
       (A) Section 5(p)(4) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 
     2504(p)(4)) is amended by striking ``the Inspector General 
     Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.),'' and inserting ``chapter 4 of 
     title 5, United States Code,''.
       (B) Section 309A(h)(3) of the United States International 
     Broadcasting Act of 1994 (22 U.S.C. 6208a(h)(3)) is amended 
     by striking ``the Inspector General Act of 1978'' and 
     inserting ``chapter 4 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (C) Section 310A(a) of the United States International 
     Broadcasting Act of 1994 (22 U.S.C. 6209a(a)) is amended by 
     striking ``the Inspector General Act of 1978'' and inserting 
     ``chapter 4 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (7) Title 26.--Section 6103(l)(13)(D)(i)(II) of the 
     Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 
     6103(l)(13)(D)(i)(II)) is amended by striking ``the Inspector 
     General Act of 1978,'' and inserting ``chapter 4 of title 5, 
     United States Code,''.
       (8) Title 31.--
       (A) Section 2 of the Good Accounting Obligation in 
     Government Act (Public Law 115-414, 31 U.S.C. 1105 note) is 
     amended--
       (i) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ``section 8G(a)(2) of 
     the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``section 415(a)(1) of title 5, United States 
     Code'';
       (ii) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ``section 12(2) of 
     the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``section 401(1) of title 5, United States Code''; 
     and
       (iii) in subsection (b)(3)(D)(ii), by striking ``section 5 
     of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``section 405 of title 5, United States Code''.
       (B) Section 3354(d)(4)(B) of title 31, United States Code, 
     is amended by striking ``section 6(j) of the Inspector 
     General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``section 
     406(j) of title 5''.
       (9) Title 38.--
       (A) Section 9(a) of the Department of Veterans Affairs Act 
     (Public Law 100-527, 38 U.S.C. 301 note) is amended by 
     striking ``the

[[Page H6262]]

     Inspector General Act of 1978,'' and inserting ``chapter 4 of 
     title 5, United States Code,''.
       (B) Section 312 of title 38, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (i) in subsection (a), by striking ``Act'' and inserting 
     ``chapter'';
       (ii) in subsection (d)(1)(A), by striking ``the Inspector 
     General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' in 2 places and 
     inserting ``chapter 4 of title 5''; and
       (iii) in subsection (d)(6)(A), by striking ``section 5(b) 
     of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 5(b)),'' 
     and inserting ``section 405(c) of title 5,''.
       (C) Section 733(a) of title 38, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``the Whistleblower Protection Ombudsman 
     designated under section 3(d)(1)(C) of the Inspector General 
     Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.),'' and inserting ``the 
     Whistleblower Protection Coordinator designated under section 
     403(d)(1)(C) of title 5,''.
       (10) Title 42.--
       (A) Section 4004(b)(4) of the Public Health Service Act (42 
     U.S.C. 300jj-52(b)(4)) is amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``inspector 
     general act of 1978'' and inserting ``chapter 4 of title 5, 
     united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``section 6 of the 
     Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``section 406 of title 5, United States Code''.
       (B) Section 601(f)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 
     801(f)(4)) is amended by striking ``the Inspector General Act 
     of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 4 of title 
     5, United States Code''.
       (11) Title 44.--Section 3903 of title 44, United States 
     Code, is amended--
       (A) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ``section 6(a)(8) of 
     the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``section 406(a)(8) of title 5''; and
       (B) in subsection (c)(3)(A), by striking ``section 5 of the 
     Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.),'' and 
     inserting ``section 405 of title 5,''.
       (12) Title 49.--The last proviso under the heading 
     ``salaries and expenses'', under the heading ``Office of 
     Inspector General'', in the Department of Transportation 
     Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113-235, div. K, title 
     I, 49 U.S.C. 354 note) is amended by striking ``the Inspector 
     General Act of 1978, as amended,'' and inserting ``chapter 4 
     of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (13) Title 50.--
       (A) Section 103H(c)(6)(A) of the National Security Act of 
     1947 (50 U.S.C. 3033(c)(6)(A)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 3 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. 
     App.)'' and inserting ``section 403 of title 5, United States 
     Code''.
       (B) Section 1104 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 
     U.S.C. 3234) is amended--
       (i) in subsection (b)(2)(A), by striking ``subsections 
     (a)(1), (d), and (g) of section 8H of the Inspector General 
     Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``subsections 
     (b)(1), (e), and (h) of section 416 of title 5, United States 
     Code''; and
       (ii) in subsection (c)(1)(B)(i), by striking ``subsections 
     (a)(1), (d), and (g) of section 8H of the Inspector General 
     Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``subsections 
     (b)(1), (e), and (h) of section 416 of title 5, United States 
     Code''.
       (C) Section 17(b)(8)(A) of the Central Intelligence Agency 
     Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(b)(8)(A)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 3 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. 
     App.)'' and inserting ``section 403 of title 5, United States 
     Code''.
       (b) Amendments To Update References to the Federal Advisory 
     Committee Act.--
       (1) Title 6.--
       (A) Section 102(h) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 
     U.S.C. 112(h)) is amended by striking ``The Federal Advisory 
     Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of 
     title 5, United States Code,''.
       (B) Section 404(f) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 
     U.S.C. 204(f)) is amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``FACA'' and 
     inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (C) Section 1756(b)(4) of the National Defense 
     Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (6 U.S.C. 321o-
     1(b)(4)) is amended by striking ``the Federal Advisory 
     Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.),'' and inserting ``chapter 10 
     of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (D) Section 2(d) of the Protecting Firefighters from 
     Adverse Substances Act (6 U.S.C. 323(d)) is amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``FACA'' and 
     inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (E) Section 3(g)(2) of the K-12 Cybersecurity Act of 2021 
     (Public Law 117-47, 6 U.S.C. 652 note) is amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``faca'' and 
     inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, ``The Federal Advisory 
     Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of 
     title 5, United States Code,''.
       (F) Section 101(c)(2) of the Strenghtening and Enhancing 
     Cyber-capabilities by Utilizing Risk Exposure Technology Act 
     (Public Law 115-390, 6 U.S.C. 663 note) is amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``faca'' and 
     inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (G) Section 2220D(a)(4)(B) of the Homeland Security Act of 
     2002 (6 U.S.C. 665k(a)(4)(B)) is amended--
       (i) in the subparagraph heading, by striking ``Federal 
     advisory committee act'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of title 
     5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the subparagraph text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (H) Section 1927(h) of the TSA Modernization Act (Public 
     Law 115-254, div. K, title I, 6 U.S.C. 1116 note) is 
     amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 
     5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (2) Title 7.--
       (A) Section 309(b)(7) of the Federal Crop Insurance Reform 
     and Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 
     U.S.C. 6921(b)(7)) is amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``Federal 
     advisory committee act exemption'' and inserting ``Exemption 
     from chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``Section 14 of the 
     Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``Section 1013 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (B) Section 10409A(b)(5) of the Animal Health Protection 
     Act (7 U.S.C. 8308a(b)(5)) is amended by striking ``The 
     Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (3) Title 10.--
       (A) Section 833(e)(3) of the National Defense Authorization 
     Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (Public Law 117-81, 10 U.S.C. 4001 
     note) is amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``FACA non-
     applicability'' and inserting ``Inapplicability of chapter 10 
     of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (B) Section 898(k) of the National Defense Authorization 
     Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114-328, 10 U.S.C. note 
     prec. 4751) is amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``FACA'' and 
     inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text, by striking ``the Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (C) Section 8933(e) of title 10, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 14 of the Federal Advisory 
     Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.),'' and inserting ``section 1013 
     of title 5,''.
       (4) Title 15.--
       (A) Section 40(h) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
     (15 U.S.C. 78qq(h)) is amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 
     5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (B) Section 9906(b)(3) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry 
     National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (15 
     U.S.C. 4656(b)(3)) is amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``FACA 
     exemption'' and inserting ``Exemption from chapter 10 of 
     title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``Section 14 of the 
     Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``Section 1013 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (C) Section 104(g) of the National Quantum Initiative Act 
     (15 U.S.C. 8814(g)) is amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``FACA 
     exemption'' and inserting ``Exemption From Chapter 10 of 
     Title 5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text, by striking ``section 14 of 
     the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``section 1013 of title 5, United States Code''.
       (D) Section 5104(h) of the National Artificial Intelligence 
     Initiative Act of 2020 (15 U.S.C. 9414(h)) is amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``FACA 
     Exemption'' and inserting ``Exemption From Chapter 10 of 
     Title 5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text--

       (I) by striking ``the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 
     U.S.C. App.),'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, United 
     States Code,''; and
       (II) by striking ``section 14 of such Act'' and inserting 
     ``section 1013 of such title''.

       (E) Section 100503(c) of the Minority Business Development 
     Act of 2021 (15 U.S.C. 9573(c)) is amended by striking 
     ``section 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5

[[Page H6263]]

     U.S.C. App.),'' and inserting ``section 1013 of title 5, 
     United States Code,''.
       (5) Title 16.--
       (A) Section 1223(c)(1) of the John D. Dingell, Jr. 
     Conservation, Management, and Recreation Act (16 U.S.C. 
     460dddd-2(c)(1)) is amended by striking ``the Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code''.
       (B) Section 120(f)(6)(D)(iv) of the Marine Mammal 
     Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1389(f)(6)(D)(iv)) is amended--
       (i) in the clause heading, by striking ``faca'' and 
     inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the clause text, by striking ``The Federal Advisory 
     Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of 
     title 5, United States Code,''.
       (C) Section 28001(d) of the Surface Transportation 
     Investment Act of 2021 (Public Law 117-58, div. B, 16 U.S.C. 
     1801 note) is amended--
       (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ``the Federal Advisory 
     Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of 
     title 5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in paragraph (2)--

       (I) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``FACA'' and 
     inserting ``Chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (II) in the paragraph text, by striking ``the Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.

       (D) Section 102(d)(1)(C)(iv) of the Ensuring Access to 
     Pacific Fisheries Act (16 U.S.C. 7702(d)(1)(C)(iv)) is 
     amended by striking ``the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 
     U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, United 
     States Code''.
       (E) Section 202(d)(1)(C)(iv) of the Ensuring Access to 
     Pacific Fisheries Act (16 U.S.C. 7802(d)(1)(C)(iv)) is 
     amended by striking ``the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 
     U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, United 
     States Code''.
       (F) Section 1(b) of the America's Conservation Enhancement 
     Act (Public Law 116-188, 134 Stat. 905) is amended, in the 
     table of contents, in the item relating to section 211 under 
     the heading ``TITLE II--NATIONAL FISH HABITAT CONSERVATION 
     THROUGH PARTNERSHIPS'', by striking ``Nonapplicability of 
     Federal Advisory Committee Act'' and inserting 
     ``Nonapplicability of chapter 10 of title 5, United States 
     Code''.
       (G) Section 211 of the America's Conservation Enhancement 
     Act (16 U.S.C. 8211) is amended--
       (i) in the section heading, by striking ``federal advisory 
     committee act'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, united 
     states code''; and
       (ii) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ``The 
     Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (6) Title 20.--Section 5(b)(2)(C) of the HBCU Propelling 
     Agency Relationships Towards a New Era of Results for 
     Students Act (20 U.S.C. 1063e(b)(2)(C)) is amended by 
     striking ``the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. 
     App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, United States 
     Code,''.
       (7) Title 22.--
       (A) Subsection (g) of the Survivors of Human Trafficking 
     Empowerment Act (22 U.S.C. 7103b(g)) is amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``FACA'' and 
     inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) by striking ``the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 
     U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, United 
     States Code''.
       (B) Section 1413(i)(4) of the Better Utilization of 
     Investments Leading to Development Act of 2018 (22 U.S.C. 
     9613(i)(4)) is amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``Federal 
     advisory committee act'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of title 
     5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``the Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code''.
       (8) Title 25.--
       (A) Section 813(g)(5) of the Violence Against Women Act 
     Reauthorization Act of 2022 (25 U.S.C. 1305(g)(5)) is 
     amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``faca'' and 
     inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (B) Section 8(e) of the Safeguard Tribal Objects of 
     Patrimony Act of 2021 (25 U.S.C. 3076(e)) is amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 
     5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (9) Title 31.--Section 6214(c) of the Anti-Money Laundering 
     Act of 2020 (Public Law 116-283, div. F, 31 U.S.C. 5311 note) 
     is amended--
       (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ``Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 
     5, United States Code''; and
       (B) in the subsection text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (10) Title 33.--Section 12404(c)(10) of the Federal Ocean 
     Acidification Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 
     3703(c)(10)) is amended--
       (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``Federal 
     advisory committee act'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of title 
     5, united states code''; and
       (B) in the paragraph text, by striking ``Section 14 of the 
     Federal Advisory Committee Act'' and inserting ``Section 1013 
     of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (11) Title 36.--Section 7(b) of the Women's Suffrage 
     Centennial Commission Act, as enacted by section 431(a)(3) of 
     the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related 
     Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115-31, div. G, 
     36 U.S.C. note prec. 101) is amended--
       (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ``Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 
     5, United States Code'';
       (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ``the Federal Advisory 
     Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of 
     title 5, United States Code,''; and
       (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ``Section 14(a)(2) of 
     such Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``Section 1013(a)(2) 
     of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (12) Title 38.--
       (A) Section 533(e)(4) of title 38, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 
     U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5''.
       (B) Section 547(i) of title 38, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act Exemption'' and inserting ``Exemption 
     From Chapter 10 of Title 5''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text, by striking ``Section 14 of 
     the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``Section 1013 of title 5''.
       (C) Section 5305(f) of the Deborah Sampson Act of 2020 
     (Public Law 116-315, title V, 38 U.S.C. 1720D note) is 
     amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``FACA'' and 
     inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text, by striking ``the Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code''.
       (13) Title 42.--
       (A) Section 505(d) of the Pandemic and All-Hazards 
     Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2019 (Public Law 
     116-22, 42 U.S.C. 247d-5 note) is amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``FACA'' and 
     inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (B) Section 2062(c)(6) of the 21st Century Cures Act (42 
     U.S.C. 284s(c)(6)) is amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``faca'' and 
     inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``the Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code''.
       (C) Section 2041(a)(1) of the 21st Century Cures Act 
     (Public Law 114-255, div. A, 42 U.S.C. 289a-2 note) is 
     amended by striking ``the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 
     U.S.C. App.),'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, United 
     States Code,''.
       (D) Section 7022(h) of the Substance Use-Disorder 
     Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for 
     Patients and Communities Act (Public Law 115-271, 42 U.S.C. 
     290aa note) is amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 
     5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text--

       (I) by striking ``The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 
     U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United 
     States Code,''; and
       (II) by striking ``such Act'' and inserting ``such 
     chapter''.

       (E) Section 2203(c)(4) of the Water and Waste Act of 2016 
     (42 U.S.C. 300j-27(c)(4)) is amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``faca'' and 
     inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``the Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code''.
       (F) Section 13103(b)(4) of the Health Information 
     Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (Public Law 
     111-5, div. A, title XIII, 42 U.S.C. 300jj note) is amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``FACA'' and 
     inserting ``Chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (G) Section 1128C(a)(6)(I) of the Social Security Act (42 
     U.S.C. 1320a-7c(a)(6)(I)) is amended--
       (i) in the subparagraph heading, by striking ``faca'' and 
     inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the subparagraph text, by striking ``the Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 
     5, United States Code,''.

[[Page H6264]]

       (H) Section 4(e) of the Recognize, Assist, Include, 
     Support, and Engage Family Caregivers Act of 2017 (Public Law 
     115-119, 42 U.S.C. 3030s note) is amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``FACA'' and 
     inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (I) Section 41003(a)(1)(D)(ii) of the Fixing America's 
     Surface Transportation Act (42 U.S.C. 4370m-2(a)(1)(D)(ii)) 
     is amended by striking ``the Federal Advisory Committee Act 
     (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, 
     United States Code''.
       (J) Subsection (c)(5) of the Industries of the Future Act 
     of 2020 (Public Law 116-283, div. H, title XCIV, Sec. 9412, 
     42 U.S.C. 6601 note) is amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``faca'' and 
     inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (K) Section 103(g)(6)(B)(vi) of the Clean Air Act (42 
     U.S.C. 7403(g)(6)(B)(vi)) is amended by striking ``section 14 
     of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.),'' and 
     inserting ``section 1013 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (L) Section 455(h) of the Energy Independence and Security 
     Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17114(h)) is amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 
     5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text, by striking ``the Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (M) Section 311(c)(4) of the Department of Energy Office of 
     Science Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 18649(c)(4)) is amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``FACA'' and 
     inserting ``Chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``the Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code''.
       (N) Section 10386(a) of the Research and Development, 
     Competition, and Innovation Act (42 U.S.C. 19106(a)) is 
     amended by striking ``the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 
     U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, United 
     States Code,''.
       (O) Section 10404(d) of the Research and Development, 
     Competition, and Innovation Act (42 U.S.C. 19134(d)) is 
     amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 
     5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text, by striking ``Section 14 of 
     the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``Section 1013 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (P) Section 10691(b)(5)(L) of the Research and Development, 
     Competition, and Innovation Act (42 U.S.C. 19281(b)(5)(L)) is 
     amended--
       (i) in the subparagraph heading, by striking ``faca'' and 
     inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the subparagraph text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (14) Title 43.--Section 754 of the Geospatial Data Act of 
     2018 (43 U.S.C. 2803) is amended--
       (A) in subsection (c)(3), by striking ``section 10(e) of 
     the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``section 1009(e) of title 5, United States 
     Code,''; and
       (B) in subsection (h)--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``FACA'' and 
     inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 5, United States Code'';
       (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ``the Federal Advisory 
     Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of 
     title 5, United States Code,''; and
       (iii) in paragraph (2), by striking ``Section 14(a)(2) of 
     the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``Section 1013(a)(2) of title 5, United States 
     Code,''.
       (15) Title 47.--Section 9202(a)(1)(F)(i) of the William M. 
     (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for 
     Fiscal Year 2021 (47 U.S.C. 906(a)(1)(F)(i)) is amended by 
     striking ``the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. 
     App.),'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, United States 
     Code,''.
       (16) Title 49.--
       (A) Section 1931(b)(3) of the TSA Modernization Act (Public 
     Law 115-254, div. K, title I, 49 U.S.C. 114 note) is 
     amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``faca'' and 
     inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (B) Section 8426(c)(2)(C)(ii) of the Elijah E. Cummings 
     Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2020 (Public Law 116-283, 
     div. G, 49 U.S.C. 303a note) is amended by striking ``the 
     Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code''.
       (C) Section 513(f) of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 
     (Public Law 115-254, 49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amended by 
     striking ``Public Law 92-463'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of 
     title 5, United States Code,''.
       (D) Section 202(g)(3) of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 
     2018 (Public Law 115-254, 49 U.S.C. 44701 note) is amended by 
     striking ``Public Law 92-463'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of 
     title 5, United States Code,''.
       (E) Section 333(d)(1) of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 
     2018 (Public Law 115-254, 49 U.S.C. 44701 note) is amended by 
     striking ``the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. 
     App.),'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, United States 
     Code,''.
       (F) Section 103(a)(6)(D) of the Aircraft Certification, 
     Safety, and Accountability Act (Public Law 116-260, div. V, 
     title I, 49 U.S.C. 44736 note) is amended by striking 
     ``Public Law 92-463'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of title 5, 
     United States Code,''.
       (G) Section 213(g) of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 
     (Public Law 115-254, 49 U.S.C. 44736 note) is amended by 
     striking ``Public Law 92-463'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of 
     title 5, United States Code,''.
       (H) Section 44810(b)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 
     U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of title 5''.
       (I) Section 1916(e) of the TSA Modernization Act (Public 
     Law 115-254, div. K, title I, 49 U.S.C. 44912 note) is 
     amended--
       (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ``FACA'' and 
     inserting ``Chapter 10 of Title 5, United States Code''; and
       (ii) in the subsection text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (J) Section 1938(f)(3) of the TSA Modernization Act (Public 
     Law 115-254, div. K, title I, 49 U.S.C. 44919 note) is 
     amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``faca'' and 
     inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (K) Section 44920(h)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 
     U.S.C. App.),'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 5, United 
     States Code,''.
       (17) Title 50.--
       (A) Section 106A(d)(6) of the National Security Act of 1947 
     (50 U.S.C. 3041a(d)(6)) is amended by striking ``The Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``Chapter 10 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (B) Section 1034 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 
     U.S.C. 3227c) is amended by striking ``The Federal Advisory 
     Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of 
     title 5, United States Code,''.
       (C) Section 1754(a)(13) of the Export Controls Act of 2018 
     (50 U.S.C. 4813(a)(13)) is amended by striking ``the Federal 
     Advisory Committee Act'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 
     5, United States Code''.
       (D) Section 1758(f)(5) of the Export Controls Act of 2018 
     (50 U.S.C. 4817(f)(5)) is amended--
       (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``federal 
     advisory committee act'' and inserting ``chapter 10 of title 
     5, united states code''; and
       (ii) in the paragraph text, by striking ``Subsections 
     (a)(1), (a)(3), and (b) of section 10 and sections 11, 13, 
     and 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. 
     App.)'' and inserting ``Subsections (a)(1), (a)(3), and (b) 
     of section 1009 and sections 1010, 1012, and 1013 of title 5, 
     United States Code,''.
       (18) Title 51.--Section 60601(d)(4) of title 51, United 
     States Code, is amended--
       (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ``Federal 
     advisory committee act'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of title 
     5, united states code''; and
       (B) in the paragraph text, by striking ``Section 14 of the 
     Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``Section 1013 of title 5, United States Code,''.
       (c) Amendments To Update References to the Ethics in 
     Government Act of 1978.--
       (1) Title 2.--
       (A) Section 416(d)(7) of the Congressional Accountability 
     Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1416(d)(7)) is amended by striking 
     ``title I of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. 
     App. 101 et seq.)'' and inserting ``subchapter I of chapter 
     131 of title 5, United States Code''.
       (B) Section 114(b)(3)(A) of the Congressional Operations 
     Appropriation Act, 1978 (2 U.S.C. 4576(b)(3)(A)) is amended 
     by striking ``the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. 
     App.),'' and inserting ``chapter 131 of title 5, United 
     States Code,''.
       (2) Title 10.--
       (A) Section 988(c)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is 
     amended by striking ``section 102(f)(8) of the Ethics in 
     Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``section 13104(f)(8) of title 5''.
       (B) Section 1599g(f)(2)(E) of title 10, United States Code, 
     is amended by striking ``the Ethics in Government Act of 
     1978'' and inserting ``chapter 131 of title 5''.
       (C) Section 235(c) of the National Defense Authorization 
     Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114-328, 10 U.S.C. 4126 
     note) is amended by striking ``the Ethics in Government Act 
     of 1978,'' and inserting ``chapter 131 of title 5, United 
     States Code,''.
       (3) Title 18.--Section 442(b)(3) of title 18, United States 
     Code, is amended by striking ``the Ethics in Government Act 
     of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``chapter 131 of 
     title 5''.
       (4) Title 42.--Section 10691(b)(5)(I)(ii)(II) of the 
     Research and Development, Competition, and Innovation Act (42 
     U.S.C.

[[Page H6265]]

     19281(b)(5)(I)(ii)(II)) is amended by striking ``section 109 
     of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and 
     inserting ``section 13101 of title 5, United States Code''.
       (5) Title 50.--Section 5306(g)(2)(E) of the Damon Paul 
     Nelson and Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization 
     Act for Fiscal Years 2018, 2019, and 2020 (50 U.S.C. 
     3334(g)(2)(E)) is amended by striking ``the Ethics in 
     Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting 
     ``chapter 131 of title 5, United States Code''.
       (d) Other Amendments.--Effective on the date of enactment 
     of Public Law 117-286 (136 Stat. 4196)--
       (1) section 4(a)(149) of that Act (136 Stat. 4322) is 
     amended, in the matter before subparagraph (A), by striking 
     ``Vocational Education Act of 1963'' and inserting ``Carl D. 
     Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006''; and
       (2) paragraphs (11), (12), (15), and (16) of section 4(c) 
     of that Act (136 Stat. 4354, 4355) are amended by striking 
     ``the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012'' 
     and inserting ``the Representative Louise McIntosh Slaughter 
     Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act''.

     SEC. 5. TRANSITIONAL AND SAVINGS PROVISIONS.

       (a) Definitions.--
       (1) Incorporated amendment.--The term ``incorporated 
     amendment'' means an amendment made by section 3 of this Act 
     as described in subsection (b)(1).
       (2) Original amendment.--The term ``original amendment'' 
     means an amendment to a source provision enacted after 
     October 19, 2021.
       (3) Source provision.--The term ``source provision'' has 
     the meaning given the term in section 5(a) of Public Law 117-
     286 (136 Stat. 4360).
       (b) Scope of Section 3 Amendments; Currency.--The 
     amendments made by section 3 of this Act do not affect any 
     law except--
       (1) to incorporate original amendments into chapters 4, 10, 
     and 131 of title 5, United States Code, to keep those 
     chapters current through January 26, 2024; and
       (2) to correct related technical errors.
       (c) Original Date of Enactment Unchanged.--An incorporated 
     amendment is deemed to have been enacted on the date of 
     enactment of the corresponding original amendment.
       (d) Effect of Incorporated Amendments.--An incorporated 
     amendment--
       (1) does not change or affect an original amendment; and
       (2) does not change or affect any law that is not otherwise 
     changed or affected by an original amendment.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Wisconsin (Mr. Tiffany) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson) 
each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin.


                             General Leave

  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and insert extraneous material on H.R. 7326.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Wisconsin?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7326. This bill was prepared 
for the Judiciary Committee by the Office of Law Revision Counsel. OLRC 
is a nonpartisan office of the House of Representatives charged with 
assisting us in keeping the U.S. Code organized and up to date.
  As part of that mandate, OLRC will submit bills for our 
consideration, as necessary. These bills do not change the substance of 
any law on the books. They are purely technical and ministerial in 
nature.
  H.R. 7326 amends chapters 4, 10, and 131 of title 5 to account for 
bills passed by Congress since we last addressed it 2 years ago. I 
thank my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee for the bipartisan way 
in which we handle these bills. I urge support for H.R. 7326, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7326, which makes a number of 
technical amendments to title 5 of the U.S. Code, while making no 
substantive changes. I support the legislation, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
Oregon (Mr. Bentz).
  Mr. BENTZ. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 7326 amends chapters 4, 10, and 131 of 
title 5 to account for laws passed by Congress in the previous 2 years.
  Title 5 deals with Federal agencies and employees, and these chapters 
in particular concern inspectors general, advisory committees, and 
ethical standards.
  This bill was submitted to the Judiciary Committee by the Office of 
Law Revision Counsel who informed us that this update of title 5 is one 
of their most urgent projects.
  The OLRC is a nonpartisan office that assists the committee in our 
responsibility to oversee and maintain the United States Code. From 
time to time, it is necessary for Congress to pass bills, such as this 
one, to update the Code to account for laws passed by Congress. This 
bill does not change the meaning of any law on the books. It simply 
updates the Code to account for action by Congress.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the bill.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. TIFFANY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Georgia and I are 
pleased to be working expeditiously to get this done within 20 minutes. 
I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation and 
encourage my colleagues to do the same. It has been a pleasure working 
hard with my Republican colleague (Mr. Tiffany).
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Tiffany) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 7326.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6265-H6267]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                COLORADO RIVER SALINITY CONTROL FIX ACT

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 7872) to amend the Colorado River Basin Salinity Control Act 
to modify certain requirements applicable to salinity control units, 
and for other purposes.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7872

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Colorado River Salinity 
     Control Fix Act''.

     SEC. 2. SALINITY CONTROL UNITS.

       Section 205 of the Colorado River Basin Salinity Control 
     Act (43 U.S.C. 1595) is amended--
       (1) by striking the section designation and all that 
     follows through ``(a) The Secretary'' and inserting the 
     following:

     ``SEC. 205. SALINITY CONTROL UNITS; AUTHORITY AND FUNCTIONS 
                   OF THE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR.

       ``(a) Allocation of Costs.--The Secretary'';
       (2) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following:
       ``(1) Nonreimbursable costs; reimbursable costs.--
       ``(A) Nonreimbursable costs.--
       ``(i) In general.--In recognition of Federal responsibility 
     for the Colorado River as an interstate stream and for 
     international comity with Mexico, Federal ownership of the 
     land of the Colorado River Basin from which most of the 
     dissolved salts originate, and the policy established in the 
     Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) 
     and except as provided in clause (ii), the following shall be 
     nonreimbursable:

       ``(I) 75 percent of the total costs of construction and 
     replacement of each unit or separable feature of a unit 
     authorized by section 202(a)(1), including 90 percent of--

       ``(aa) the costs of operation and maintenance of each unit 
     or separable feature of a unit authorized by that section; 
     and
       ``(bb) the total costs of construction, operation, and 
     maintenance of the associated measures to replace incidental 
     fish and wildlife values foregone.

       ``(II) 75 percent of the total costs of construction and 
     replacement of each unit or separable feature of a unit 
     authorized by section 202(a)(2), including 100 percent of--

       ``(aa) the costs of operation and maintenance of each unit 
     or separable feature of a unit authorized by that section; 
     and
       ``(bb) the total costs of construction, operation, and 
     maintenance of the associated measures to replace incidental 
     fish and wildlife values foregone.

       ``(III) 75 percent of the total costs of construction, 
     operation, maintenance, and replacement of each unit or 
     separable feature of a unit authorized by section 202(a)(3), 
     including 75 percent of the total costs of construction, 
     operation, and maintenance of the

[[Page H6266]]

     associated measures to replace incidental fish and wildlife 
     values foregone.
       ``(IV) 70 percent of the total costs of construction, 
     operation, maintenance, and replacement of each unit or 
     separable feature of a unit authorized by paragraphs (4) and 
     (6) of section 202(a), including 70 percent of the total 
     costs of construction, operation, and maintenance of the 
     associated measures to replace incidental fish and wildlife 
     values foregone.
       ``(V) 70 percent of the total costs of construction and 
     replacement of each unit or separable feature of a unit 
     authorized by section 202(a)(5), including 100 percent of--

       ``(aa) the costs of operation and maintenance of each unit 
     or separable feature of a unit authorized by that section; 
     and
       ``(bb) the total costs of construction, operation, and 
     maintenance of the associated measures to replace incidental 
     fish and wildlife values foregone.

       ``(VI) 85 percent of the total costs of implementation of 
     the on-farm measures authorized by section 202(c), including 
     85 percent of the total costs of the associated measures to 
     replace incidental fish and wildlife values foregone.

       ``(ii) Special rule for nonreimbursable costs for fiscal 
     years 2024 and 2025.--Notwithstanding clause (i), for each of 
     fiscal years 2024 and 2025, the following shall be 
     nonreimbursable:

       ``(I) 75 percent of all costs described in clause (i)(I).
       ``(II) 75 percent of all costs described in clause (i)(II).
       ``(III) 70 percent of all costs described in clause (i)(V).
       ``(IV) The percentages of all costs described in subclauses 
     (III), (IV), and (VI) of clause (i).

       ``(B) Reimbursable costs.--The total costs remaining after 
     the allocations under clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph 
     (A) shall be reimbursable as provided for in paragraphs (2), 
     (3), (4), and (5).'';
       (3) in subsection (b), by striking the subsection 
     designation and all that follows through ``Costs of 
     construction'' in paragraph (1) and inserting the following:
       ``(b) Costs Payable From Lower Colorado River Basin 
     Development Fund.--
       ``(1) In general.--Costs of construction'';
       (4) in subsection (c), by striking ``(c) Costs of 
     construction'' and inserting the following:
       ``(c) Costs Payable From Upper Colorado River Basin Fund.--
     Costs of construction''; and
       (5) in subsection (e), by striking ``(e) The Secretary is'' 
     and inserting the following:
       ``(e) Upward Adjustment of Rates for Electrical Energy.--
     The Secretary is''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
Dingell) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas.


                             General Leave

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on H.R. 7872, the bill now under 
consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Arkansas?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7872, the Colorado River 
Salinity Control Fix Act. The Colorado River is a critical resource for 
the basin's seven States.
  Since the 1970s, the Colorado River Basin Salinity Control Program 
has operated salinity control projects to reduce salinity levels in the 
river, which helps to improve crop yields for farmers. This effort is 
crucial since agriculture is the most significant component of the 
basin's economy.
  Historically, this program has been funded through both 
appropriations and power revenues. However, the Colorado River has 
experienced historic ongoing multidecade drought conditions that have 
reduced hydropower generation and created an imbalance between the 
program's obligations and the costs payable through hydropower.
  The Colorado River Salinity Control Fix Act would address this 
challenge by reducing the cost-share percentages from hydropower 
revenues and increasing the Federal nonreimbursable costs for the 
salinity programs across the Colorado River Basin.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this legislation, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of the Colorado River Salinity 
Control Fix Act introduced by my colleague from Utah (Mr. Curtis).
  The Colorado River is, of course, one of the American West's national 
treasures, but it is also a vital source of fresh water for 40 million 
people and 5.5 million acres of farmland across seven States and 
Mexico.

                              {time}  1545

  These communities rely on this river for water that is essential to 
their livelihoods.
  Agriculture and natural leaching can lead to the rising levels of 
salinity that threaten the water quality of these communities and the 
amount of water available to be used for hydropower generation.
  Congress recognized the crucial need to limit the river's salinity in 
1974 when it passed the Colorado River Basin Salinity Control Act, 
which authorized a desalting complex, and by passing further amendments 
to establish a basin-wide salinity control project.
  For years, these actions have helped maintain the salinity content 
within the river.
  The problem of salinity now, however, has been significantly 
intensified by continually worsening drought conditions, which have 
limited hydropower generation and, in turn, the funds made available 
for salinity control programs.
  This bill before us today prompts us to once again take action to 
preserve the water quality in the Colorado River. Specifically, this 
legislation would increase the Federal cost share for the program to 
account for the impacts of ongoing drought.
  We must ensure that the Colorado River's clean fresh water does not 
become ruined by our inaction.
  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill, 
and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from 
Utah (Mr. Curtis), the lead sponsor of this bill.
  Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill, 
the Colorado River Salinity Control Fix Act, a critical piece of 
legislation addressing a longstanding challenge to the people of Utah.
  High salinity levels in the Colorado River have far-reaching 
consequences. They threaten the beauty and the integrity of Utah's 
national parks, impact our ranchers and farmers, and jeopardize 
drinking water for millions of Americans.
  Decades ago, Congress recognized the urgency of this issue. In 1974, 
the Colorado River Salinity Control Program was established to combat 
harmful effects of salt discharged into the river from natural saline 
rock formations.
  However, we now face new challenges, including reduced water flows 
and increasing pressures on the Federal budget. The Colorado River 
Salinity Control Fix Act makes vital adjustments to this program, 
ensuring its continued effectiveness while adapting to modern 
realities.
  I am pleased to see this important bill before us today. It 
represents a significant step toward preserving Utah's iconic 
landscapes, safeguarding our water resources, and ensuring a clean and 
reliable water supply for Utahns and all who depend on the Colorado 
River.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this critical bill and 
join me in protecting one of our Nation's most important resources.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and 
I am prepared to close. I continue to reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.
  Again, H.R. 7872 builds on important efforts undertaken by all seven 
States in the Colorado River Basin to ensure that salinity control 
projects are funded.
  These projects support farmers and ranchers across the region and 
lead to better environmental outcomes. The importance of this work 
cannot be overstated.
  Lastly, I thank Congressman   John Curtis for his work in moving this 
legislation forward. While we will miss him on our committee next year, 
I know we will continue to find ways to work with him in his new role 
at the other end of the Capitol.

[[Page H6267]]

  Mr. Speaker, I encourage adoption of this legislation, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7872.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6267-H6268]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




 RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF CRITICAL MINERALS IN HEALTHCARE ACT OF 
                                  2023

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 6395) to amend the Energy Act of 2020 to require the 
Secretary of the Interior to include the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services in consultations regarding designations of critical minerals, 
elements, substances, and materials.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 6395

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Recognizing the Importance 
     of Critical Minerals in Healthcare Act of 2023''.

     SEC. 2. REQUIRED CONSULTATION WITH THE SECRETARY OF HEALTH 
                   AND HUMAN SERVICES.

       Paragraphs (4)(C) and (5)(A) of section 7002(c) of the 
     Energy Act of 2020 (30 U.S.C. 1606(c)(4)(C) and (5)(A)) are 
     each amended by inserting ``Health and Human Services,'' 
     after ``Agriculture,''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
Dingell) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas.


                             General Leave

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to 
include extraneous material on H.R. 6395, the bill now under 
consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Arkansas?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, this bill brings together two agencies that don't 
usually interact, the United States Geological Survey, USGS, and the 
Department of Health and Human Services, HHS.
  H.R. 6395, the Recognizing the Importance of Critical Minerals in 
Healthcare Act of 2023, would add HHS as a consulting agency for the 
development of USGS' critical minerals list.
  USGS publishes and updates this list every 3 years and, as directed 
by the Energy Act of 2020, consults with the Secretaries of Defense, 
Commerce, Agriculture, and Energy and the United States Trade 
Representative in crafting each iteration.
  Why is it important to include HHS as a consulting agency? The 
critical minerals list constitutes a collection of minerals deemed 
necessary for economic and national security and whose supply chains 
are vulnerable to disruption.
  There are many mineral applications in the healthcare industry. For 
example, radioisotopes derived from low-enriched uranium are used in 
over 40,000 imaging procedures in the U.S. daily, enabling diagnoses of 
cancer and heart disease, and liquid helium is frequently used as a 
coolant in MRI machines.
  By requiring DOI to consult with HHS, H.R. 6395 would ensure that 
medical uses of these minerals and the ramifications that any supply 
disruption could have on the healthcare economy are adequately 
considered when evaluating critical minerals list designations.
  Again, I thank the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Curtis) for his hard work 
in bringing this bill to the floor today, and I thank my friends on the 
other side of the aisle for recognizing the importance of passing this 
legislation.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6395, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  I rise in support of the Recognizing the Importance of Critical 
Minerals in Healthcare Act sponsored by my friend and colleague, 
Representative Curtis, who I, too, am going to miss when he goes to the 
other side, but I still plan on working very closely together with him.
  This bill would require the United States Geological Survey to 
consult with the Department of Health and Human Services on the 
critical minerals list.
  The critical minerals list, as folks know, can be quite 
controversial, but this bill takes a true good-governance approach by 
increasing intergovernmental coordination.
  It is straightforward. The critical minerals list identifies the 
mineral commodities that are critical to our Nation's economic and 
national security. Healthcare is, of course, vitally important to our 
economic and national security.
  This bill recognizes the importance of the minerals used by the 
healthcare sector. Certain platinum metals are used in chemotherapy and 
cardiac technology. Zinc is used to carry portable oxygen and in 
defibrillators. Lithium is used in pacemakers and other portable 
electronics. There are countless examples of lifesaving medicines and 
medical devices that use critical minerals.
  USGS already consults with the Secretaries of Defense, Commerce, 
Agriculture, and Energy and the U.S. Trade Representative on the 
critical minerals list and informally consults with the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services.
  Formally consulting with HHS is an appropriate way to ensure minerals 
used in medical technologies are appropriately evaluated for 
criticality.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this bill, and I reserve the balance 
of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from 
Utah (Mr. Curtis), the lead sponsor of this bill.
  Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I first would like to return the 
appreciation to the chairman of the Natural Resources Committee and for 
the opportunity to work with him. I think he is a great example of what 
a chairperson should do in Congress. To my good friend from Michigan, I 
thank her. I am not going that far away, and I look forward to 
continuing to work with her. She is a wonderful example to me of 
passion and love for what she does, and the people of Michigan are 
fortunate to have her represent them.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the Recognizing the 
Importance of Critical Minerals in Healthcare Act. I also thank 
Congresswoman DeGette for her partnership in advancing this important 
initiative.
  This legislation addresses a critical gap in the process for 
identifying minerals essential to our Nation.
  Under current law, the U.S. Geological Survey collaborates with 
various government agencies to assess and designate critical minerals 
vital to our national security. However, one key agency is glaringly 
absent from this process: the Department of Health and Human Services, 
HHS.
  HHS plays a central role in our healthcare system, yet it has been 
excluded from decisions about minerals critical to the medical 
technologies and treatments that Americans rely on every day.
  For example, helium is necessary for medical imaging. MRIs require 
nearly 2,000 liters of helium to maintain the magnets that make them 
functional.
  Despite the growing helium shortage, this essential resource was 
recently removed from the critical minerals list, a decision that 
underscores the need for better interagency coordination.

  By ensuring the healthcare implications of critical minerals 
decisions are fully considered, this legislation will help safeguard 
public health and our medical infrastructure.
  Whether it is helium or other minerals essential to producing 
lifesaving medical devices, we must ensure that our decisionmaking 
process reflects the needs of the healthcare system.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their bipartisan support in 
recognizing the importance of this issue.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and 
I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time.

[[Page H6268]]

  

  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.
  Without the necessary tools, healthcare professionals cannot 
administer lifesaving care to their patients. While it may not be 
immediately obvious, these tools include minerals and materials.
  From the copper, gold, lithium, titanium, silver, and platinum used 
in antimicrobial touch surfaces, heart stents, pacemakers, surgical 
tools, antibiotics, and chemotherapy to the uranium byproducts and 
liquid helium used in cancer treatments and MRI scans that I mentioned 
earlier, our healthcare system is only as reliable as our supply 
chains.
  The Energy Act of 2020 was crafted explicitly so USGS would consult 
with multiple agencies, each providing expertise within their 
prospective jurisdictions.
  Adding HHS as one of these agencies, as H.R. 6395 aims to do, would 
ensure the mineral needs of the healthcare sector are fully considered 
as USGS crafts the critical minerals list going forward.
  Mr. Speaker, I again urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6395.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6268-H6269]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1600
  FISHERY IMPROVEMENT TO STREAMLINE UNTIMELY REGULATORY HURDLES POST 
                        EMERGENCY SITUATION ACT

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 5103) to require the Director of the Office of Management 
and Budget to approve or deny spend plans within a certain amount of 
time, and for other purposes, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 5103

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Fishery Improvement to 
     Streamline untimely regulatory Hurdles post Emergency 
     Situation Act'' or the ``FISHES Act''.

     SEC. 2. SPEND PLANS.

       Section 312(a)(6) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery 
     Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1861a(a)(6)) is 
     amended--
       (1) in subparagraph (D), to read as follows:
       ``(D) Spend plans.--
       ``(i) In general.--To receive an allocation from funds 
     available under paragraph (9), a requester with an 
     affirmative fishery resource disaster determination shall 
     submit a spend plan to the Secretary, not more than 120 days 
     after receiving notification that funds are available, that 
     shall include the following information, if applicable:

       ``(I) Objectives and outcomes, with an emphasis on 
     addressing the factors contributing to the fishery resource 
     disaster and minimizing future uninsured losses, if 
     applicable.
       ``(II) Statement of work.
       ``(III) Budget details.

       ``(ii) Review.--

       ``(I) In general.--The Secretary shall review a spend plan 
     submitted under clause (i) to determine if it is complete and 
     provide notice within 10 days.
       ``(II) Incomplete spend plan.--If the Secretary determines 
     that a spend plan submitted under clause (i) is not complete, 
     when providing the notice required by subclause (I), the 
     Secretary shall provide a detailed description of the 
     information that is necessary for the spend plan to be 
     determined complete.''; and

       (2) in subparagraph (F)(i), to read as follows:
       ``(i) Availability.--

       ``(I) Timeline.--Funds shall be made available to grantees 
     not later than 90 days after the date the Secretary receives 
     a complete spend plan.
       ``(II) Review of completed spend plan and apportionment of 
     funds.--If so requested, the Director of the Office of 
     Management and Budget may review a completed spend plan 
     concurrently with the Secretary. The Director of the Office 
     of Management and Budget may not delay the timeline described 
     in subclause (I).''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
Dingell) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas.


                             General Leave

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to 
include extraneous material on H.R. 5103, the bill now under 
consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Arkansas?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5103, the Fishery Improvement 
to Streamline untimely regulatory Hurdles post Emergency Situation, or 
the FISHES, Act.
  This legislation, sponsored by the gentleman from Florida, 
Congressman Byron Donalds, will protect States and fishing communities 
from unnecessary delays in the disaster recovery process.
  Under the Magnuson-Stevens Act, States and communities affected by 
fishery disasters can petition for funding to assist in response and 
recovery efforts. However, affected States and communities have 
experienced delays in obtaining the approvals needed to access these 
funds. H.R. 5103 requires the Secretary of Commerce to review disaster 
spending plans submitted by requesters within 10 days.
  Additionally, while the legislation allows the Office of Management 
and Budget to review spending plans, it makes it clear that they may 
not, and I repeat may not, delay the statutory timelines. This will 
ensure accountability and consistency in the fishery disaster response 
process, providing certainty to States and fishing communities in times 
of recovery.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the legislation, and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5103 would speed up the timelines for providing 
funding to communities affected by fishery disasters.
  Coastal communities rely on fisheries for jobs and economic 
development. However, a fishery's health often depends on environmental 
conditions. Hurricanes, oil spills, and other disasters can severely 
impact fisheries and harm coastal economies.
  Under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act, 
Congress can appropriate funds for disaster assistance, which the 
Department of Commerce can then provide in the form of a grant, 
cooperative agreement, loan, or contract.
  After the Secretary of Commerce declares a fishery disaster and 
Congress appropriates disaster funding, the Office of Management and 
Budget must approve spend plans before any money can be distributed to 
recipients. These reviews can also be lengthy.
  Delays in processing mean longer wait times for fishers, Tribes, and 
coastal communities needing relief.
  Allowing the Office of Management and Budget and the Secretary of 
Commerce to review spend plans concurrently, as this bill proposes, 
will increase efficiency and speed up the allocation of disaster relief 
funds, ensuring faster support for impacted communities and more 
efficient recovery efforts.
  Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my 
time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from 
Florida (Mr. Donalds), who is the lead sponsor of the bill.
  Mr. DONALDS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill, 
the FISHES Act.
  I represent Florida's 19th Congressional District in southwest 
Florida, which has a significant coastal presence.
  In southwest Florida, hurricanes are common, which often bring about 
significant damage to critical infrastructure, businesses, and 
communities alike.
  When people think about disaster relief, FEMA and the SBA often come 
to mind. However, we must not forget about the critical disaster relief 
that NOAA provides in the aftermath of a federally declared fishery 
disaster.
  For background, during the fishery disaster relief process, States 
must

[[Page H6269]]

submit a spend plan to NOAA which lays out how the State will spend 
disaster relief it receives from the Federal Government.
  Currently, the Office of Management and Budget can voluntarily decide 
to insert itself into the Federal fishery disaster relief process, 
which it often does, to review a State's spend plan.
  Unlike most other aspects of the process, OMB has no deadline to 
review a spend plan. Predictably this has led to unnecessary delay in 
allocating crucial Federal relief post disaster. For example, the State 
of Florida alone has requested fishery disaster relief on seven 
different occasions since 2012, however, for each occasion, over 2 
years had lapsed from the time of approval to when fishery disaster 
relief funds were ultimately made available. This is simply 
unacceptable.
  We must throw coastal communities and businesses a life raft to help 
them stay afloat post disaster. As we saw firsthand in southwest 
Florida, time is of the essence once a disaster hits.
  We, as legislators, must continue to find ways to cut self-induced 
red tape and streamline the disbursement of relief to communities 
devastated by a natural disaster.
  That is where the FISHES Act comes in.
  This simple bill expedites the allocation of Federal fishery disaster 
relief by requiring OMB to review a State spend plan concurrently with 
NOAA, while also requiring that funds be distributed to grantees within 
90 days after a complete spend plan is received. Time is of the essence 
when it comes to disbursing relief post disaster.
  This isn't just a Florida issue. It is a nationwide issue. This fact 
is illustrated by the diverse coalition of nationwide organizations 
that endorse the FISHES Act, along with the vast number of bipartisan 
Members across the country who have decided to cosponsor this bill.

  Specifically, the FISHES Act is cosponsored by 48 of my colleagues, 
and this bill is currently endorsed by 107 organizations of all kinds 
representing the environmental community, fishing community, boaters, 
hospitality industry, retail and restaurant industries, and so on.
  The overwhelming support my bill has received speaks for itself, and 
it really highlights how vital it is for the FISHES Act to be signed 
into law as soon as possible.
  Time is of the essence once a disaster hits, and we as Congress have 
the ability to expedite the disbursement of Federal relief to 
communities in need.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this 
commonsense bill and pass the FISHES Act.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. In closing, Mr. Speaker, many times in recent years 
this body has taken steps to help communities recover in the wake of 
natural disasters. Programs designed to help communities recover from 
these disasters must work effectively and help communities to recover 
in a timely manner. Too often government bureaucracy can act as an 
impediment to recovery efforts.
  We can improve this process by ensuring the Office of Management and 
Budget does not unnecessarily delay it.
  Once again, I thank Congressman Byron Donalds for his work on this 
issue and the many Members and stakeholders who have supported this 
effort.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this legislation, and I yield back 
the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Cline). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5103, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6269-H6270]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    UTAH STATE PARKS ADJUSTMENT ACT

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 7332) to require the Secretary of the Interior and the 
Secretary of Agriculture to convey certain Federal land to the State of 
Utah for inclusion in certain State parks, and for other purposes, as 
amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 7332

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Utah State Parks Adjustment 
     Act''.

     SEC. 2. CONVEYANCE OF CERTAIN FEDERAL LAND TO THE STATE OF 
                   UTAH.

       (a) Antelope Island State Park Conveyance.--
       (1) In general.--Not later than 180 days after the date of 
     enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall 
     convey, subject to valid existing rights, without 
     consideration, and by quitclaim deed, to the State of Utah 
     (referred to in this section as the ``State''), for inclusion 
     in Antelope Island State Park, all right, title, and interest 
     of the United States in and to the Bureau of Land Management 
     land depicted on the map entitled ``Antelope Island State 
     Park Proposal: Utah State Park Additions'' and dated February 
     28, 2023, that is identified as land proposed for conveyance 
     on that map.
       (2) Costs.--Any costs relating to the conveyance under 
     paragraph (1), including costs for surveys and other 
     administrative costs, shall be paid by the State.
       (b) Wasatch Mountain State Park Conveyance.--
       (1) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of 
     this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall convey, subject 
     to valid existing rights, without consideration, and by 
     quitclaim deed, to the State, for inclusion in Wasatch 
     Mountain State Park, all right, title, and interest of the 
     United States in and to the Bureau of Land Management land 
     depicted on the map entitled ``Wasatch Mountain State Park 
     Proposal Utah State Park Additions'' and dated May 3, 2024, 
     that is identified as land proposed for conveyance on that 
     map.
       (2) Costs.--Any costs relating to the conveyance under 
     paragraph (1), including costs for surveys and other 
     administrative costs, shall be paid by the State.
       (c) Fremont Indian State Park Conveyance.--
       (1) In general.--Not later than 180 days after the date of 
     enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall 
     convey, subject to valid existing rights, without 
     consideration, and by quitclaim deed, to the State, for 
     inclusion in Fremont Indian State Park, all right, title, and 
     interest of the United States in and to--
       (A) the National Forest System land depicted on the map 
     entitled ``S. 2136--Utah State Parks Adjustment Act'' and 
     dated September 12, 2023, that is identified as an area 
     selected for land transfer on that map; and
       (B) any improvements to the National Forest System land 
     described in subparagraph (A).
       (2) Easements.--As a condition of the conveyance under 
     paragraph (1), the Secretary of Agriculture shall reserve 
     easements to the conveyed land for all National Forest System 
     roads and trails that originate at, terminate at, or traverse 
     the conveyed land.
       (3) Water rights.--As a condition of the conveyance under 
     paragraph (1), the Secretary of Agriculture shall convey to 
     the State only those water rights held by the United States 
     identified as 63-44, 63-1607, and 63-2817 in the water rights 
     database of the Utah State Engineer that provide water to the 
     Castle Rock Campground and the Belknap Historic Guard Station 
     interpretive site.
       (4) Survey.--
       (A) In general.--If determined by the Secretary of 
     Agriculture to be necessary, the exact acreage and legal 
     description of the National Forest System land to be conveyed 
     under paragraph (1) shall be determined by a survey approved 
     by the Secretary of Agriculture.
       (B) Costs.--As a condition of the conveyance under 
     paragraph (1), the State shall pay the reasonable survey 
     costs associated with the survey under subparagraph (A).
       (5) Additional terms and conditions.--The Secretary of 
     Agriculture may enter into an agreement with the State with 
     respect to additional terms and conditions applicable to the 
     conveyance under paragraph (1), including--
       (A) the management and maintenance of the Belknap Historic 
     Guard Station interpretive site;
       (B) the use and maintenance of roads and trails on the 
     conveyed parcel of National Forest System land;
       (C) the continued use of permitted livestock grazing on the 
     conveyed parcel of National Forest System land;
       (D) continued Forest Service access to, and use and 
     maintenance of, any water rights retained by the United 
     States in the area of the conveyed parcel of National Forest 
     System land; and
       (E) any other terms and conditions necessary to clarify 
     management and maintenance of the parcel of National Forest 
     System land after the date of conveyance.
       (d) Modifications to Maps.--For the purposes of a 
     conveyance required by this section, the Secretary of the 
     Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture, as applicable, may 
     make minor modifications to the applicable map described in 
     subsection (a), (b), or (c)(1)(A) , including changes 
     reflecting any applicable surveys conducted under this 
     section.
       (e) Use of Conveyed Land.--
       (1) In general.--The State shall use any Federal land 
     conveyed under this section for public purposes, including 
     parks, campgrounds, recreation, and permitted livestock 
     grazing.

[[Page H6270]]

       (2) Reversionary interest.--If a parcel of Federal land 
     conveyed to the State under this section ceases to be used 
     for public purposes described in paragraph (1), the parcel 
     shall, at the discretion of the Secretary of Agriculture or 
     Secretary of the Interior, as applicable, revert to the 
     United States.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
Dingell) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas.


                             General Leave

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to 
include extraneous material on H.R. 7332, the bill now under 
consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Arkansas?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of Representative Maloy's bill, 
the Utah State Parks Adjustment Act.
  This legislation would transfer several parcels, totaling 
approximately 782 acres of Federal land, to the State of Utah for 
inclusion in the Utah State Parks system. The parcels included in this 
conveyance are currently managed by the Bureau of Land Management or 
the U.S. Forest Service and are either adjacent to or comprise 
inholdings within the boundaries of the Utah State Parks system.
  Specifically, H.R. 7332 would convey approximately 280 acres of 
Federal land to Antelope Island State Park to modernize an existing 
campground and 502 acres of Bureau of Land Management and Forest 
Service land to Wasatch Mountain State Park and Fremont Indian State 
Park to expand and enhance existing trail networks.
  This legislation is a win-win for Utahns and the American taxpayer. 
Utah's State parks are renowned for their striking beauty and plentiful 
attractions and for being well managed and popular. Bolstering these 
State parks would help produce more evenly distributed tourism and 
visitation patterns, preventing overcrowding at Utah's more famous 
national parks. This legislation will improve recreation infrastructure 
and public access for all local Utahns and visitors alike, helping grow 
Utah's outdoor recreation economy.
  Federal land managers will also reap benefits from these transfers. 
In its statement supporting H.R. 7332, the BLM testified that the bill 
``would improve manageability and dispose of isolated Federal parcels 
that are difficult to manage.''
  I, again, commend Representative Maloy for her leadership on this 
important issue. Over 60 percent of Utah's land is federally owned, and 
conveying these properties from the Federal estate to the Utah State 
Parks system will improve land and natural resource management. Those 
changes will benefit the people of Utah and our public lands.
  Mr. Speaker, I reiterate my strong support for this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Utah State Parks Adjustment Act 
which would convey three parcels of land under the Bureau of Land 
Management and Forest Service to the State of Utah.
  Once conveyed, the parcels in and around Antelope Island State Park, 
Fremont Indian State Park, and Wasatch Mountain State Park will be 
incorporated into the Utah State Parks system to be used for public 
purposes, including parks, campgrounds, recreation, and permitted 
livestock grazing.
  I would like to thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle 
for working with the administration to incorporate agency feedback on 
this bill, including by clarifying the intent for the lands to remain 
in compliance with the Recreation and Public Purposes Act.
  By consolidating ownership to the State of Utah, the land conveyance 
directed by this bill is expected to improve the management of these 
lands.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve 
the balance of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Utah (Ms. Maloy), who is the sponsor of the bill.
  Ms. MALOY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 
7332, that would transfer nearly 800 acres of Federal land to the State 
of Utah.
  For nearly 20 years, the Utah Division of State Parks has managed the 
Castle Rock Campground by the Fremont Indian State Park in Sevier 
County in my district, but the land is owned by the Forest Service.
  Ownership of this land by the Federal Government hinders the State's 
ability to effectively manage the campground for visitors to the park. 
It also prevents efficient and timely improvements to the campground's 
roads, trails, and utilities.
  Utah is known for a long list of things, but two of the things that 
are at the top of that list are the Great Salt Lake and parks. Antelope 
Island State Park stands in the Great Salt Lake, and Wasatch Mountain 
State Park lies near Park City known for its ski resorts. Both of them 
are among the most visited State parks in Utah.

  These two parks have something in common, which is a checkerboard of 
dozens of small parcels of Federal land inside the State park 
boundaries. These parcels are currently managed by the Federal 
Government, and the State has historically managed these lands under a 
permit.
  Recently some of the permits were terminated, and the reason the 
Bureau of Land Management gave for not continuing with the permits was 
that they didn't have the resources to manage and oversee these 
parcels. They have been managed for years as part of the State parks, 
and they will continue to be managed as part of the State parks. It 
just makes sense for the State to take over management of these 
parcels.
  H.R. 7332 would formally transfer these lands to the State to be 
managed under their thoughtful and diligent management in accordance 
with their management of the rest of the State parks.
  Utah has some of the most beautiful and recognizable landscapes in 
the world, and this bill would help ensure that Americans, Utahns, and 
even visitors from abroad are able to access and enjoy these parks and 
the resources we enjoy.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask for my colleagues' support of this legislation.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. In closing, Mr. Speaker, this commonsense bill will 
benefit Utah State Parks and alleviate some clear land management 
inefficiencies on the Federal side. At its core, H.R. 7332 is an 
example of effective collaboration between Federal agencies, local 
stakeholders, and Congress.
  I commend Representative Maloy for her efforts to bring these 
stakeholders together, and I thank her for introducing this meaningful 
legislation.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this legislation, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7332, as amended.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6270-H6273]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1615
             PAUL S. SARBANES VISITOR AND EDUCATION CENTER

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 6826) to designate the visitor and education center at Fort 
McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine as the Paul S. Sarbanes 
Visitor and Education Center.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 6826

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. DESIGNATION.

       (a) Designation.--The visitor and education center at Fort 
     McHenry National

[[Page H6271]]

     Monument and Historic Shrine, currently located at 2400 E 
     Fort Ave, Baltimore, MD 21230, is designated as the ``Paul S. 
     Sarbanes Visitor and Education Center''.
       (b) References.--Any reference in a law, map, regulation, 
     document, paper, or other document of the United States to 
     the visitor center designated by subsection (a) shall be 
     deemed to be a reference to the Paul S. Sarbanes Visitor and 
     Education Center.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
Dingell) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas.


                             General Leave

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and 
include extraneous material on H.R. 6826, the bill now under 
consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Arkansas?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of Representative Mfume's bill, 
H.R. 6826. This legislation will name the visitor and education center 
at Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine in Baltimore, 
Maryland, as the Paul S. Sarbanes Visitor and Education Center.
  Fort McHenry is famously the site of an 1814 attack by British troops 
against 1,000 American soldiers, which inspired Francis Scott Key to 
write ``The Star-Spangled Banner.''
  Paul Sarbanes honorably served the State of Maryland for 6 years in 
the House of Representatives and three decades in the U.S. Senate. 
During his tenure, Senator Sarbanes helped secure funding to construct 
the new visitor center at Fort McHenry, which increased its capacity 
and improved visitor access.
  After a long life of distinguished public service, Senator Sarbanes 
sadly passed away in 2020.
  I commend Representative Mfume for leading this effort. Naming the 
visitor and education center at Fort McHenry after Senator Sarbanes 
would honor his long history of service to Maryland and his special 
connection with Fort McHenry's site.
  Fittingly, this legislation has drawn bipartisan support and is 
cosponsored by Maryland's entire congressional delegation.
  Mr. Speaker, I support the bill and reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6826, a bill introduced by the 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Mfume), my friend and colleague.
  This legislation would rename the visitor and education center at 
Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine as the Paul S. 
Sarbanes Visitor and Education Center in honor of the late Senator 
Sarbanes.
  Throughout his career, Senator Sarbanes showed a deep commitment to 
the preservation of Fort McHenry and its history.
  This star-shaped military fort in Baltimore Harbor was a vital site 
when British forces invaded the Chesapeake Bay region during the War of 
1812. In 1814, the British Navy attacked the fort for 25 hours in what 
has become known as the Battle of Baltimore.
  This battle inspired Francis Scott Key to write what has become the 
lyrics to ``The Star-Spangled Banner.'' Senator Sarbanes championed 
legislation to add The Star-Spangled Banner National Historic Trail to 
the National Trails System, and he worked to secure millions of dollars 
for the restoration of the fort.
  He served as the vice chair of the Maryland War of 1812 Bicentennial 
Commission from 2007 to 2015. During his tenure, Senator Sarbanes was 
recognized as an honorary colonel at Fort McHenry and an honorary park 
ranger.
  Renaming Fort McHenry's visitor and education center after Senator 
Sarbanes would commemorate his steadfast commitment to preserving this 
historic site.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I am 
prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Mfume), the sponsor of this bill.
  Mr. MFUME. Mr. Speaker, I extend my sincere thanks to the gentlewoman 
from Michigan (Mrs. Dingell) and the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. 
Westerman) for their leadership on the floor today and for the long-
standing diligence and civility that they bring to each and every 
debate. It is not lost on me at all.
  I also thank the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Federal Lands, 
Representative Grijalva; Representative Tom Tiffany; and Federal Lands 
Subcommittee Ranking Member   Joe Neguse. They have my sincerest 
appreciation. It has been a bit of a struggle to get to this point, but 
we found a way to get here in a bipartisan manner, and I am deeply, 
deeply appreciative.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6826, legislation to 
designate the visitor and education center at Fort McHenry National 
Monument and Historic Shrine as the Paul S. Sarbanes Visitor and 
Education Center.
  The Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine is a unit of 
the National Park Service, and it resides in the heart of my 
congressional district in Baltimore. As many Members may know, Fort 
McHenry was, as was mentioned earlier, the site of the historic Battle 
of Baltimore, the conflict between British and American forces which 
came to a head in the War of 1812.
  During the clash, American forces beat back British sea and land 
invasions off of the busy port city of Baltimore and permanently 
neutralized the commander of the invading British forces.
  The resistance of Baltimore's Fort McHenry during bombardment by the 
Royal Navy inspired the poem ``Defence of Fort M'Henry,'' which later 
became the lyrics to ``The Star-Spangled Banner,'' our national anthem.
  Each year, hundreds of thousands of people from across America visit 
the fort to engage in outdoor recreation and to learn more about one of 
the most defining moments of our Nation's history.
  The late Senator Paul Sarbanes, who served in this body for 6 years 
before eventually being elected to the Senate, was a champion of Fort 
McHenry from the beginning, and he firmly believed that the site would 
always be critical to understanding and appreciating our national 
heritage and our national identity.

  Throughout his career, Senator Sarbanes worked tirelessly to 
facilitate public enjoyment and a real understanding of the historic 
events and the people who are still connected to that site.
  Senator Sarbanes was and remained a true American patriot. He secured 
millions of dollars in Federal funds to enable critical repairs of the 
fort's deteriorating seawall, its masonry, and its foundations, and it 
stands as it does today and looks as it does today so much because of 
his tireless efforts.
  Likewise, he worked to introduce numerous bipartisan bills that 
eventually established the Star-Spangled Banner National Historic Trail 
as the 26th such trail in America. The trail covers Virginia, the 
District of Columbia, and the State of Maryland.
  Telling the stories of the events, people, and the places that led to 
the birth of the national anthem is one of the things that he took a 
great deal of pride in. Of course, he worked to build the visitor 
center, which we are discussing today, at that historic fort.
  As we know, Congress may authorize placement of a commemorative work, 
such as the naming of a center, in cases where there is compelling 
justification for the recognition that would permanently express the 
noteworthy and national relevance between both the person and the site.
  Having served here in this body with some of you--and I know I served 
with him many years ago--and having served with John Dingell, the 
distinguished ranking member's husband, Paul worked very, very hard not 
just to lift up the idea of saving and preserving the fort but why it 
was important to do it together as Democrats and Republicans.
  I particularly thank his son,   John Sarbanes, who has served with us 
now

[[Page H6272]]

for almost 18 years, who will be leaving this body in a few weeks, for 
the opportunity to be able to champion and to run with this legislation 
as an honor to his father and certainly as an honor to him.
  Mr. Speaker, I believe that passing H.R. 6826 undoubtedly would be a 
fitting tribute to Senator Sarbanes' memory and an appropriate 
acknowledgement of his connection to and advocacy for the site, the 
State, and the Nation.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this legislation for a selfless 
American who gave everything he had and could to the Nation that he so 
loved.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the 
distinguished gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Sarbanes), the son of a 
great man who I would call friend.
  Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding her 
time.
  I thank Chair Westerman and his staff for working with Congressman 
Mfume and the whole Maryland delegation over the last few months. It 
has been a pleasure. I appreciate very much the work to get the bill to 
the floor.
  I thank Congressman Mfume not just for his leadership on the bill, 
but for the very, very kind and generous words that he just gave with 
reference to my father and his support for this effort from the outset. 
I obviously thank the bipartisan Members, the Maryland delegation both 
in the House and the Senate, who supported this effort.
  If my colleagues were to go to Fort McHenry today, they would see 
that there is a glass case there. Inside it is a picture of my father 
and the honorary ranger's hat that was given to him years ago by the 
National Park Service because they understood what a close association 
he had with the fort for so many years and all that he had done over 
the period of his time here in Congress.
  He understood, in many ways, Fort McHenry is the beating heart of 
Baltimore, given its history, given its location, given its status as a 
cultural treasure there in the city and in the region, and he did 
everything he could to lift it up.
  I thought what I could do to add to this discussion today is a quote 
from an oral history. My father, about 3 years before he passed away, 
agreed to sit for 20 hours of oral history, videotaped, where he went 
back over the course of his career.
  He was asked: What are some of your greatest achievements or things 
that you are proud of? And one of the things that he talked about was 
Fort McHenry. These are the words of Paul Sarbanes:
  ``The fort, which had been turned over eventually to the [National] 
Park Service, obviously had tremendous potential as an educational 
venue and as a tourist site, and it occupies a very strategic location 
in the Baltimore Harbor, but it had serious preservation problems,'' as 
Congressman Mfume alluded to.
  He goes on to say: ``That fort was there from the early 1800s on. 
Well, we were facing a real problem because we were coming up towards 
the bicentennial of the War of 1812. It was down the road a ways, but 
you have to anticipate these things because it takes time to get there. 
We needed desperately a new visitor center.

  ``We had a tiny visitor center there at Fort McHenry, but it was 
completely inadequate to the current flow of people that were coming 
through, let alone what we hoped would be a significant uptick in 
attendance. So we went to work to try to get a visitor center, and we 
were able to do that in fairly short order as it turned out. We really 
put a lot of intense effort into that. First we got a study authorized 
by the Park Service, requiring the Park Service to authorize the 
necessity and desirability of the visitor center. And then their report 
came in positive about that, so we put legislation in to actually 
authorize the new visitor center, and then we had to get the money. 
Anyhow, we got it all into place and we got it in time for the 
bicentennial, so we had a new visitor center there at Fort McHenry, and 
we get huge numbers of people coming through.''
  My colleagues can hear in those words his sense of pride for securing 
that funding and resources for the visitor center but really to make 
the fort available for people across the country. It was near and dear 
to his heart, and nothing could be a finer tribute than to name the 
visitor center after my father, Paul Sarbanes.
  Again, I thank the delegation for its support of this. I thank 
Chairman Westerman, Ranking Member Grijalva, Ranking Member Neguse, and 
others on the committee for this bipartisan effort to pay tribute to 
Paul Sarbanes.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the distinguished dean of the 
Maryland delegation.

                              {time}  1630

  Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentlewoman from 
Michigan, for yielding. I congratulate her on a victory her team had. I 
called her, and I hope she got the message.
  I also say to my friend, Bruce Westerman, who is as suited to be the 
chairman of this committee as anybody by training and by values, I 
thank him for his work on this legislation.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend   John Sarbanes. His father would be 
so extraordinarily proud of the service that he has given and at the 
service I know he is going to be giving as a former Member of this 
body, but never a former friend.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation and in honor 
of my dear friend of almost 60 years, Paul Sarbanes.
  I had the privilege of serving with Paul for 4 years in the general 
assembly. We were both elected in 1966--I might say, along with another 
gentleman whose name is Ben Cardin, who served in this body for 20 
years and in the other body for three terms. We were all elected in 
1966.
  In that time, I came to respect his great intellect, wonderful wit, 
sense of decency, and profound integrity. He was a man of principle, 
guided by the ethics of his immigrant parents, the tenets of his Greek 
Orthodox faith, and the values of his Baltimore community. He instilled 
those same virtues in his son,   John Sarbanes, who I have referenced.
  From drafting the first Article of Impeachment against President 
Nixon to spearheading the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which protects Americans 
from fraud in our financial markets, Paul Sarbanes made history.
  Paul Sarbanes was a historical Member of the United States Senate and 
of this Congress.
  This bill recognizes Paul, who also sought to preserve our history 
and, indeed, our Constitution and our democracy. As vice chair of the 
Maryland War of 1812 Bicentennial Commission, he worked to ensure that 
Americans remember the lessons from the Nation's second march of 
independence.
  Naming the Fort McHenry Visitor Center after Paul is a fitting 
tribute to a man who not only secured the funding for the facility but 
who was a lifelong champion for the Chesapeake Bay and its history.
  Fort McHenry is itself an extraordinary historic site. The rockets' 
red glare and the bombs bursting in air gave illumination to Fort 
McHenry. By adding Paul Sarbanes' name to that visitor center at Fort 
McHenry, it will add further luster to the history of Fort McHenry, for 
Paul Sarbanes was a man of which this institution and this country 
could be extraordinarily proud.
  It is, therefore, fitting and appropriate that we would add his name 
to a linchpin of our democracy and our victory for democracy.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise with Mr. Westerman, with Mrs. Dingell, and with 
all of his colleagues who served with him and who at least have heard 
of him. I rise to join my colleagues in supporting this legislation so 
that we can give the visitor's center a name that ought to commend the 
respect of all Marylanders and all Americans, my friend, a great Member 
of this Congress, and a great American, Paul Sarbanes.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the 
distinguished gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Ivey).
  Mr. IVEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6826, a bill to 
designate the visitor and education center at Fort McHenry National 
Monument and Historic Shrine as the Paul S. Sarbanes Visitor and 
Education Center.

[[Page H6273]]

  This is a well-deserved honor for Senator Sarbanes.
  He played a key role in securing the Federal funding for the visitor 
center at Fort McHenry. Fort McHenry is an important historic site. 
Thanks to Senator Sarbanes, visitors have access to exhibits and 
resources to further their education about the fort and its key 
importance in the War of 1812.
  Beyond his work at Fort McHenry, Senator Sarbanes was a giant, both 
in the United States Senate and in the State of Maryland.
  About 30 years ago this month, I had the honor of joining the staff 
and serving as counsel to Senator Paul Sarbanes during the Whitewater 
investigations. I had watched him during the Watergate hearings when I 
was a young man. I was one of those strange kids who came home from 
school and put on the hearings. We didn't have C-SPAN yet, so this was 
my first chance to actually see Congress in action. The two people who 
stood out for me were Barbara Jordan and Paul Sarbanes.
  He was a great boss and a great mentor for me, and I wouldn't be here 
today in the House of Representatives without his influence, his 
guidance, and his assistance to me and my career.
  It was a tremendous privilege to work for him. It is a tremendous 
privilege to be able to speak on his behalf today, and I ask all of my 
colleagues to support the passage of this legislation.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support 
this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, this is a straightforward bill that would 
honor the work and legacy of a devoted public servant. I urge the 
adoption of this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6826.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6273-H6276]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




     AMERICA'S CONSERVATION ENHANCEMENT REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2024

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (S. 3791) to reauthorize the America's Conservation Enhancement 
Act, and for other purposes, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                                S. 3791

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS.

       (a) Short Title.--This Act may be cited as the ``America's 
     Conservation Enhancement Reauthorization Act of 2024''.
       (b) Table of Contents.--The table of contents for this Act 
     is as follows:

Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents.

         TITLE I--WILDLIFE ENHANCEMENT, DISEASE, AND PREDATION

Sec. 101. Losses of livestock due to depredation by federally protected 
              species.
Sec. 102. Black vulture livestock protection program.
Sec. 103. Chronic Wasting Disease Task Force.
Sec. 104. Protection of water, oceans, coasts, and wildlife from 
              invasive species.
Sec. 105. North American Wetlands Conservation Act.
Sec. 106. National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act.
Sec. 107. Modification of definition of sport fishing equipment under 
              TSCA.
Sec. 108. Chesapeake Bay Program.
Sec. 109. Chesapeake Bay Initiative Act of 1998.
Sec. 110. Chesapeake Watershed Investments for Landscape Defense.

   TITLE II--NATIONAL FISH HABITAT CONSERVATION THROUGH PARTNERSHIPS

Sec. 201. National Fish Habitat Board.
Sec. 202. Fish Habitat Partnerships.
Sec. 203. Fish habitat conservation projects.
Sec. 204. Technical and scientific assistance.
Sec. 205. Accountability and reporting.
Sec. 206. Funding.
Sec. 207. Technical correction.

         TITLE I--WILDLIFE ENHANCEMENT, DISEASE, AND PREDATION

     SEC. 101. LOSSES OF LIVESTOCK DUE TO DEPREDATION BY FEDERALLY 
                   PROTECTED SPECIES.

       Section 102(d) of the America's Conservation Enhancement 
     Act (7 U.S.C. 8355(d)) is amended, in the matter preceding 
     paragraph (1), by striking ``2025'' and inserting ``2030''.

     SEC. 102. BLACK VULTURE LIVESTOCK PROTECTION PROGRAM.

       Section 103 of the America's Conservation Enhancement Act 
     (7 U.S.C. 8356) is amended--
       (1) in the section heading, by inserting ``; black vulture 
     livestock protection program'' after ``common ravens'' and 
     conforming the table of contents accordingly;
       (2) by redesignating subsections (a) through (c) as 
     paragraphs (1) through (3), respectively, and indenting 
     appropriately;
       (3) in each of paragraphs (2) and (3) (as so redesignated), 
     by striking ``subsection (a)'' and inserting ``paragraph 
     (1)'';
       (4) by inserting before paragraph (1) (as so redesignated) 
     the following:
       ``(a) Depredation Permits for Black Vultures and Common 
     Ravens.--''; and
       (5) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(b) Black Vulture Livestock Protection Program.--
       ``(1) In general.--The Secretary, in coordination with 
     States, shall carry out, through fiscal year 2030, a black 
     vulture livestock protection program (referred to in this 
     subsection as the `program') that allows 1 public entity or 
     Farm Bureau organization per State to hold a statewide 
     depredation permit to protect commercial agriculture 
     livestock from black vulture predation.
       ``(2) Requirements.--Each public entity or Farm Bureau 
     organization that holds a depredation permit under the 
     program--
       ``(A) shall--
       ``(i) demonstrate sufficient experience and capacity to 
     provide government regulated services to the public, as 
     determined by the Secretary;
       ``(ii) submit a complete depredation permit application, as 
     determined by the Secretary, for review and approval 
     according to procedures of the United States Fish and 
     Wildlife Service;
       ``(iii) be responsible for complying with, and ensuring 
     subpermittee compliance with, as applicable, all permit 
     conditions; and
       ``(iv) be responsible for collecting, managing, and 
     reporting required information under the permit; and
       ``(B) may subpermit to livestock producers to take black 
     vultures for the purposes of livestock protection.
       ``(3) Study.--The Secretary, in consultation with the 
     Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Administrator of 
     the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, shall carry 
     out a study on whether prescribed take levels of black 
     vultures may be increased for subpermittees within a 
     biologically sustainable take level for the population.
       ``(4) Report.--Not later than 1 year after the date of 
     enactment of the America's Conservation Enhancement 
     Reauthorization Act of 2024, the Secretary, in consultation 
     with the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the 
     Administrator of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection 
     Service, shall submit to the Chair and Ranking Member of the 
     Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and 
     the Chair and Ranking Member of the Committee on Natural 
     Resources of the House of Representatives a report on the 
     status of the program, including the results of the study 
     required under paragraph (3).''.

     SEC. 103. CHRONIC WASTING DISEASE TASK FORCE.

       Section 104 of the America's Conservation Enhancement Act 
     (16 U.S.C. 667h) is amended--
       (1) in subsection (b)--
       (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ``after the completion of 
     the study required by subsection (c)''; and
       (B) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ``180 days after the 
     date on which the study is completed under subsection (c)'' 
     and inserting ``90 days after the date of the enactment of 
     the America's Conservation Enhancement Reauthorization Act of 
     2024. The efforts of the Task Force shall not be contingent 
     on the completion of the study required by subsection (c)''; 
     and
       (2) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ``2025'' and 
     inserting ``2030''.

     SEC. 104. PROTECTION OF WATER, OCEANS, COASTS, AND WILDLIFE 
                   FROM INVASIVE SPECIES.

       Section 10(p) of the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 
     U.S.C. 666c-1(p)) is amended, in the matter preceding 
     paragraph (1), by striking ``2025'' and inserting ``2030''.

     SEC. 105. NORTH AMERICAN WETLANDS CONSERVATION ACT.

       Section 7(c) of the North American Wetlands Conservation 
     Act (16 U.S.C. 4406(c)) is amended by striking ``2025'' and 
     inserting ``2030''.

     SEC. 106. NATIONAL FISH AND WILDLIFE FOUNDATION ESTABLISHMENT 
                   ACT.

       Section 10 of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation 
     Establishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3709) is amended--
       (1) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter preceding 
     subparagraph (A), by striking ``2025'' and inserting 
     ``2030''; and
       (2) in subsection (b)(1)--
       (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``and cooperative 
     agreements,'' and inserting ``, cooperative agreements, 
     participating agreements, and similar instruments used for 
     providing partnership funds,'';
       (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as 
     subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively;
       (C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following:
       ``(B) Funding agreements.--Federal departments, agencies, 
     and instrumentalities

[[Page H6274]]

     may enter into a Federal funding agreement with the 
     Foundation for a period of not more than 10 years.''; and
       (D) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesignated), by inserting 
     ``, and should when possible,'' after ``may''.

     SEC. 107. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF SPORT FISHING 
                   EQUIPMENT UNDER TSCA.

       Section 108(a) of the America's Conservation Enhancement 
     Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 note) is amended by striking ``During the 
     5-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this 
     Act'' and inserting ``During the period beginning on the date 
     of enactment of the America's Conservation Enhancement 
     Reauthorization Act of 2024 and ending on September 30, 
     2030''.

     SEC. 108. CHESAPEAKE BAY PROGRAM.

       Section 117(j) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act 
     (33 U.S.C. 1267(j)) is amended--
       (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ``and'' at the end;
       (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and 
     inserting ``; and''; and
       (3) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(6) for each of fiscal years 2026 through 2030, 
     $92,000,000.''.

     SEC. 109. CHESAPEAKE BAY INITIATIVE ACT OF 1998.

       Section 502(c) of the Chesapeake Bay Initiative Act of 1998 
     (Public Law 105-312; 112 Stat. 2963; 134 Stat. 920) is 
     amended by striking ``2025'' and inserting ``2030''.

     SEC. 110. CHESAPEAKE WATERSHED INVESTMENTS FOR LANDSCAPE 
                   DEFENSE.

       Section 111(e)(1) of the America's Conservation Enhancement 
     Act (33 U.S.C. 1267 note) is amended by striking ``2025'' and 
     inserting ``2030''.

   TITLE II--NATIONAL FISH HABITAT CONSERVATION THROUGH PARTNERSHIPS

     SEC. 201. NATIONAL FISH HABITAT BOARD.

       Section 203 of the America's Conservation Enhancement Act 
     (16 U.S.C. 8203) is amended--
       (1) in subsection (a)(2)--
       (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking 
     ``26 members'' and inserting ``28 members'';
       (B) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows:
       ``(A) 2 shall be representatives of the Department of the 
     Interior, including the United States Fish and Wildlife 
     Service and the Bureau of Land Management;''; and
       (C) by striking subparagraphs (G) and (H) and inserting the 
     following:
       ``(G) 2 shall be representatives of Indian Tribes, of 
     whom--
       ``(i) 1 shall be a representative of Indian Tribes in the 
     State of Alaska; and
       ``(ii) 1 shall be a representative of Indian Tribes in 
     States other than the State of Alaska;
       ``(H) 2 shall be representatives of--
       ``(i) the Regional Fishery Management Councils established 
     by section 302(a)(1) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery 
     Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852(a)(1)); or
       ``(ii) the Marine Fisheries Commissions;''; and
       (2) in subsection (e)(1)(B), by striking ``all members'' 
     and inserting ``the members present''.

     SEC. 202. FISH HABITAT PARTNERSHIPS.

       Section 204 of the America's Conservation Enhancement Act 
     (16 U.S.C. 8204) is amended--
       (1) in subsection (e)--
       (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding subparagraph 
     (A), by inserting ``, subject to paragraph (3),'' after ``Act 
     and''; and
       (B) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(3) Limitation.--The Board shall only submit a report 
     required under paragraph (1) in the fiscal years in which the 
     Board is proposing modifications to, or new designations of, 
     1 or more Partnerships.''; and
       (2) by amending subsection (f) to read as follows:
       ``(f) Designation or Modification of Partnership.--
       ``(1) In general.--Congress shall have the exclusive 
     authority to designate or modify a Partnership.
       ``(2) Designation or modification process.--A Partnership 
     designation or modification the Board recommends to Congress 
     shall be deemed to be approved by Congress if Congress does 
     not pass a joint resolution of disapproval with respect to 
     the designation or modification by the date that is 90 days 
     after the date on which the relevant congressional committees 
     receive such recommendation.''.

     SEC. 203. FISH HABITAT CONSERVATION PROJECTS.

       Section 205 of the America's Conservation Enhancement Act 
     (16 U.S.C. 8205) is amended--
       (1) in subsection (b), by striking ``for the following 
     fiscal year''; and
       (2) in subsection (e)--
       (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following:
       ``(1) In general.--The non-Federal share of the total cost 
     of all fish habitat conservation projects carried out by a 
     Partnership each year shall be at least 50 percent.''; and
       (B) in paragraph (2), in the matter preceding subparagraph 
     (A), by striking ``Such non-Federal share of the cost of a 
     fish habitat conservation project'' and inserting ``The non-
     Federal share described in paragraph (1)''.

     SEC. 204. TECHNICAL AND SCIENTIFIC ASSISTANCE.

       Section 206(a) of the America's Conservation Enhancement 
     Act (16 U.S.C. 8206(a)) is amended by inserting ``, the 
     Bureau of Land Management,'' after ``the Forest Service''.

     SEC. 205. ACCOUNTABILITY AND REPORTING.

       Section 209 of the America's Conservation Enhancement Act 
     (16 U.S.C. 8209) is amended--
       (1) by striking subsection (b);
       (2) in subsection (a)--
       (A) by striking the subsection designation and heading and 
     all that follows through ``Not later than'' in paragraph (1) 
     and inserting the following:
       ``(a) In General.--Not later than''; and
       (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as subsection (b) and 
     indenting appropriately; and
       (3) in subsection (b) (as so redesignated)--
       (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking 
     ``paragraph (1)'' and inserting ``subsection (a)'';
       (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D) 
     as paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (5), respectively, and 
     indenting appropriately;
       (C) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated), by striking 
     ``and'' at the end;
       (D) by inserting after paragraph (3) (as so redesignated) 
     the following:
       ``(4) a description of the status of fish habitats in the 
     United States as identified by Partnerships; and''; and
       (E) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated)--
       (i) by redesignating clauses (i) through (v) as 
     subparagraphs (A) through (E), respectively, and indenting 
     appropriately; and
       (ii) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesignated), by 
     redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as clauses (i) and 
     (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately.

     SEC. 206. FUNDING.

       Section 212(a) of the America's Conservation Enhancement 
     Act (16 U.S.C. 8212(a)) is amended--
       (1) in paragraph (1)--
       (A) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ``partnerships 
     and'' after ``habitat'';
       (B) by striking ``2025'' and inserting ``2030''; and
       (C) by inserting ``Partnership operations under section 204 
     and'' after ``to provide funds for'';
       (2) in paragraph (2), in the matter preceding subparagraph 
     (A), by striking ``2025'' and inserting ``2030''; and
       (3) in paragraph (3), in the matter preceding subparagraph 
     (A), by striking ``2025'' and inserting ``2030''.

     SEC. 207. TECHNICAL CORRECTION.

       Section 211 of the America's Conservation Enhancement Act 
     (16 U.S.C. 8211) is amended, in the matter preceding 
     paragraph (1), by striking ``The Federal Advisory Committee 
     Act (5 U.S.C. App.)'' and inserting ``Chapter 10 of title 5, 
     United States Code (commonly known as the `Federal Advisory 
     Committee Act'),''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
Dingell) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas.


                             General Leave

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on S. 3791, the bill now under 
consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Arkansas?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 3791, the America's Conservation 
Enhancement Reauthorization Act, or the ACE Act.
  This bill seeks to improve and codify a series of collaborative 
conservation efforts between the Federal Government, States, and 
wildlife and sportsmen organizations that have resulted in positive 
results for numerous species.
  S. 3791 would first reauthorize a series of successful conservation 
programs, such as the North American Wetlands Conservation Act, the 
National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, and the Chesapeake Bay Program.
  The North American Wetlands Conservation Act, or NAWCA, is 
particularly important to my home State of Arkansas. As the only 
Federal grant program solely dedicated to wetlands conservation, NAWCA 
has conserved over 31 million acres of wetland habitat for waterfowl.
  This is critical for my State, as over 100,000 people each year visit 
Arkansas for the best waterfowl hunting in the country and to hunt in 
the pristine flooded timber and rice fields of the Natural State.
  Title II of the bill makes important technical changes to the 
National Fish Habitat Partnership program. These changes include 
ensuring that Tribes, regional fishery management councils, and marine 
fisheries commissions are

[[Page H6275]]

represented on the National Fish Habitat Board and can contribute to 
reviewing project proposals and allocating grant dollars.
  I also commend the work of the sponsor of the House companion of this 
bill, Congressman  Rob Wittman of Virginia, who is a true champion of 
our country's wildlife and sportsmen.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, S. 3791 would reauthorize several critical wildlife and 
habitat bills through 2030.
  These include the North American Wetlands Conservation Act, the 
National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act, the Chesapeake 
Bay Program, and the National Fish Habitat Conservation Through 
Partnerships program.
  The bill would also codify important new programs, such as the black 
vulture livestock protection program and make technical changes to the 
National Fish Habitat Partnership and board.
  As we know, in the Great Lakes, wetlands, estuaries, and other fish 
habitats are crucial in providing ecosystem services. They enhance 
water quality, offer essential habitat for fish and wildlife, mitigate 
coastal storm impacts, and improve water supply. To conserve and 
restore these environments, partnerships among Federal, State, and 
regional entities leverage their diverse resources, expertise, and 
capabilities to maximize their impacts.
  The North American Wetlands Conservation Act exemplifies a successful 
partnership-based program, utilizing non-Federal partnerships to 
protect and restore wetlands and related habitats. This is one of the 
most cost-effective conservation programs out there, where more than $3 
in non-Federal contributions are made for every Federal dollar 
invested.
  Similarly, the Chesapeake Bay Program brings together stakeholders, 
academic institutions, and local governments to collaboratively restore 
and preserve the Chesapeake Bay. The bay provides over $130 billion 
annually in natural benefits, including improved air, water, and soil 
quality as well as critical fisheries habitat.
  Additionally, the National Fish Habitat Partnership unites 20 
regional fish habitat partnerships to restore aquatic ecosystems' 
health. Since its inception in 2006, the partnership has rehabilitated 
tens of thousands of acres of freshwater habitat and over 2,000 miles 
of rivers, generating more than $1 billion in economic value.
  Finally, the amendments to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation 
authorization will help the foundation and Federal agencies better 
align priorities, report on the status of programs, and help grantees 
run their programs efficiently.

  I am proud to support the bipartisan effort to reauthorize these 
essential wildlife conservation programs. These efforts are critical 
steps toward addressing the Nation's growing biodiversity crisis.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from 
Virginia (Mr. Wittman).
  Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas for his 
leadership on the committee and for his efforts to make sure that the 
America's Conservation Enhancement Reauthorization Act comes before 
this body and ultimately gets signed into law.
  The act is better known as the ACE Reauthorization Act, and ace it 
definitely is. It is the ace that we need in our hand to make sure we 
are there on the side of our natural resources across this Nation.
  This pivotal piece of legislation signifies our commitment to 
preserving the natural beauty of our great Nation while promoting 
sustainable practices for future generations. As a lifelong 
outdoorsman, I am committed to ensuring all Americans have the 
opportunity to get out and enjoy the outdoors, from the Pacific Ocean 
to our wonderful national treasure, the Chesapeake Bay.
  This legislation, which has been amended to contain my House Natural 
Resources-passed companion language, provides authorization for some of 
the most effective conservation programs in the history of this Nation.
  This bill would reauthorize the North American Wetlands Conservation 
Act, which protects waterfowl, fish, and wildlife resources across this 
Nation and, most importantly, preserves critical wetland habitat, which 
is disappearing at an alarming rate.
  It supports local economies that depend on outdoor recreation, 
tourism, and agriculture. It also preserves American traditions, such 
as hunting, fishing, bird-watching, family farming, and cattle 
ranching.

                              {time}  1645

  Mr. Speaker, this is one of the most successful public-private 
partnerships in the history of this Nation. This program leverages more 
than $2 of private money to $1 of public money. All of these dollars 
come from sportsmen, whether it is through buying a duck stamp to go 
hunt waterfowl or just to enjoy doing bird watching, which we know our 
colleague from Virginia enjoys quite a bit of.
  It is incredibly impactful for this Nation to understand that also, 
on the public side, these dollars from duck stamps are matched with 
sportsmen who are passionate about these resources, whether it is the 
waterfowl, the shore birds, or the wetland habitats, and organizations 
like Ducks Unlimited and Delta Waterfowl. Those organizations work 
tirelessly to raise these dollars, and all of these go to preserving 
that critical habitat.
  We know today in our Nation these wetland habitats are disappearing 
at an alarming rate. Our ability to set aside these lands in our 
national wetlands inventory through our National Wildlife Refuge System 
is incredible. We use all kinds of tools to do that. Whether it is 
through purchase of the property or whether it is through purchase of 
development rights, conservation easements, they are really effective 
tools to make sure we preserve this critical habitat.
  The other part of the ACE Reauthorization Act is reauthorizing the 
National Fish Habitat Conservation Through Partnerships Act. We know 
our States do a wonderful job of focusing on critical fish habitat and 
working to preserve those. This bill allows them to do even more with 
Federal partners to make sure they are working in unison with local 
governments and local organizations to do even more to preserve that 
critical habitat.
  Also, as co-chair of the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Task Force, I know 
how crucial it is to protect our national treasure, the Chesapeake Bay. 
The Chesapeake Bay is not only the largest estuary in the United States 
but also a critical ecosystem that supports diverse wildlife and 
provides economic benefits to millions of Americans.
  In fact, I would argue many folks here in the Washington, D.C., area 
on a daily basis enjoy the wonderful natural resources from the 
Chesapeake Bay. If you go to a restaurant and happen to order a crab 
cake or an oyster, it most likely came from the Chesapeake Bay.
  I am proud that this bill also reauthorizes the Chesapeake Bay 
Program, a successful Federal and State partnership that coordinates 
efforts to reduce pollution in the bay.
  Mr. Speaker, if there is a poster child for a Federal role under the 
Constitution, it is the Chesapeake Bay Program because it truly is an 
interstate program. It is about getting all the States to work together 
to make sure we are in unison in improving water quality in the 
Chesapeake Bay. This is, indeed, that constitutional direction on 
interstate cooperation that is allowed under the Constitution to 
achieve what is critical not just to this Nation but also to our 
natural resources.
  The Chesapeake Bay Gateways and Watertrails Network Act is also a 
critical part of this. It supports efforts to improve the conditions of 
habitats and enhance public access to the bay and its rivers. We know 
what an incredibly important economic engine the Chesapeake Bay is. 
This enhances the ability for folks to enjoy the Chesapeake Bay, to 
learn more about it, and to have those opportunities there that not 
only create richness in life for the people who enjoy the bay but also 
for the communities that seek their livelihood from the bay.
  The Chesapeake Watershed Investments for Landscape Defense Act, 
another part of the ACE Reauthorization Act, helps local entities 
rehabilitate

[[Page H6276]]

fish and wildlife habitats throughout the bay watershed.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Virginia.
  Mr. WITTMAN. This ACE Reauthorization Act is truly a testament to our 
commitment to future generations and to the treasure of the natural 
resources that this Nation has at its avail. It ensures that our 
children and grandchildren will inherit a world that is as rich in 
biodiversity and natural beauty as the one we cherish today.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support America's Conservation 
Enhancement Reauthorization Act.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I am 
prepared to close and reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  While we are on the topic of conservation, I thank my colleagues for 
working with Democrats not just on this conservation bill but also on 
the WILD Act, which I am pleased to hear will be included in the NDAA 
this month.
  Like the bill before us today, the WILD Act is a bipartisan effort to 
maximize conservation impacts through partnerships; specifically, the 
Multinational Species Conservation Funds, which help conserve iconic 
wildlife species, including elephants, rhinos, tigers, great apes, and 
turtles, and the Partners for Fish and Wildlife Program, which supports 
habitat restoration efforts across the United States, including the 
territories.
  I am pleased to be the Democratic co-lead of the WILD Act, and I 
thank my Republican colleague, Representative Joyce of Ohio, for his 
partnership.
  I hope all of us can continue finding ways to work together on 
conservation and other issues, just like we are doing today with the 
ACE Reauthorization Act.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation, 
and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wittman).
  Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas for 
yielding me time again.
  It is incredibly valuable, I think, for folks across the Nation to 
understand that America's Conservation Enhancement Reauthorization Act 
is really one of those efforts where we take a lot of separate bills 
which by themselves do a lot of good, and we bring them together to do 
even a greater good. With that, we also are able to look at how these 
programs relate to each other. Our effort at this level is to make sure 
that we coordinate and that we look at how do we utilize resources.

  These bills are critically important because it is not just about 
utilizing Federal resources. In fact, I would argue, with these bills 
it is actually more about leveraging the opportunities and the 
resources we have at the State and local levels because these bills are 
incredibly important to localities across the Nation. They are 
incredibly important to the experience that we all have as Americans in 
enjoying these natural resources. That is why the ACE Reauthorization 
Act, I think, has such far-reaching impacts on our Nation.
  It is great that today we can come together in a bipartisan way and 
say we are in favor of this. This is one of the places where we know 
working together we can get things done that are in the best interests 
of our communities and the best interests of our States and 
Commonwealths across the Nation.
  We understand, too, that as much as sometimes people focus on the 
things that we disagree on, there are some pretty significant things 
that we agree on.
  Today is one of those days where we look at this, and we say these 
bills are all about a greater good. They are really about enhancing the 
quality of life in our communities. They are about achieving things 
that we look to do in common with each other. We look for the private 
sector to leverage the dollars that are there, people that want to 
participate in these programs that have really been shown to be a 
success across the spectrum through the years and that leverage 
resources.
  We look today at the challenges we face in the Nation about a deficit 
in resources that come in versus the resources that go out. This is one 
of those programs where it really is a success story about how we take 
a small amount of Federal dollars that come from sportsmen that 
voluntarily pay for these dollars, and they leverage it with private 
dollars. What a great example of a successful program.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  By passing S. 3791, Congress will ensure that vital conservation work 
that has benefited countless at-risk species can be improved and 
continue on into the future.
  When we think about conservation, the word ``conservation'' denotes 
that it is usage of our resources, it is good stewardship, and these 
programs promote good stewardship. They not only promote good 
stewardship, it gets a lot of skin in the game, not just from the 
Federal Government and the general public, but from all of these 
conservation organizations and private funds that go into true 
conservation work to create the wildlife habitat that benefits so many 
species.
  We know that it not only benefits species that we like to hunt and 
fish for, but it also benefits us because clean air and clean water and 
a healthy, safe environment benefits everyone. That is what these 
programs promote.
  This bill has brought together a diverse group of sportsmen and 
conservation organizations who see the benefit of the programs included 
in this bill, as my friend from Virginia (Mr. Wittman) has already 
stated. These organizations are groups we have all heard of like Ducks 
Unlimited, Delta Waterfowl, and the Congressional Sportsmen's 
Foundation. Many of us are members of the Congressional Sportsmen's 
Caucus, the American Sportfishing Association, and the Association of 
Fish and Wildlife Agencies.
  Again, I encourage my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 3791, as amended.
  The question was taken.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds 
being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.
  The yeas and nays were ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further 
proceedings on this motion will be postponed.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6276-H6278]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                LAHAINA NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA STUDY ACT

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 8219) to require the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a 
study to assess the suitability and feasibility of designating certain 
land as the Lahaina National Heritage Area, and for other purposes, as 
amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 8219

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Lahaina National Heritage 
     Area Study Act''.

     SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS.

       In this Act:
       (1) Secretary.--The term ``Secretary'' means the Secretary 
     of the Interior.
       (2) State.--The term ``State'' means the State of Hawaii.
       (3) Study area.--The term ``study area'' means the census-
     designated place of Lahaina in Maui County in the State.

     SEC. 3. LAHAINA NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA STUDY.

       The Secretary, in coordination with the County of Maui and 
     in consultation with State and local historic preservation 
     officers, State and local historical societies, State and 
     local tourism offices, and other appropriate organizations 
     and governmental agencies, shall carry out, in accordance 
     with section 120103(a) of title 54, United States Code, a 
     study to assess the suitability and feasibility of 
     designating the study area as a National Heritage Area, to be 
     known as the ``Lahaina National Heritage Area''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
Dingell) each will control 20 minutes.

[[Page H6277]]

  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas.


                             General Leave

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on H.R. 8219, the bill now under 
consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Arkansas?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  I rise to support Representative Tokuda's bill, the Lahaina National 
Heritage Area Study Act.
  The town of Lahaina, located on the Hawaiian island of Maui, has an 
incredibly rich history. As the capital of the Hawaiian Kingdom from 
1820 to 1845, it remains a center of commerce, tourism, and local 
pride. Until recently, Lahaina's historic district featured many 
impressive cultural sites, including a historic hotel, church, and 
courthouse.
  Tragically, on August 8, 2023, a wildfire caused catastrophic 
destruction in Lahaina, becoming the deadliest wildfire in over a 
century. The fire destroyed over 2,200 structures and caused 
approximately $5.5 billion in damages. Many lost structures dated back 
centuries and held immeasurable value to Lahaina's people and culture.
  Just one week after this devastating fire, a bipartisan congressional 
delegation I was leading joined the members of the Hawaii congressional 
delegation, including Representative Tokuda, to see the damage for 
ourselves firsthand. We were all stunned by the utter devastation that 
we witnessed there.
  As Lahaina continues to recover from the trauma of that brutal 
natural disaster, local leaders have been exploring options that would 
allow the community to honor its past while promoting the natural and 
cultural resources it still retains.
  H.R. 8219 takes a strong step in the right direction. This bill would 
require the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with State and 
local partners, to study the suitability and feasibility of designating 
the town of Lahaina as a national heritage area. A feasibility study is 
generally the first step in considering a national heritage area 
designation because it helps ensure that the studied area meets all 
appropriate criteria.
  I commend Representative Tokuda for leading this effort that will 
empower local decisionmaking with respect to resource conservation and 
economic development. In the aftermath of a tragic event like the 
Lahaina wildfire, this emphasis on local concerns strikes me now as 
more critical than ever.
  Mr. Speaker, I support this bill and reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  I rise in support of the Lahaina National Heritage Area Study Act, 
introduced by my colleague from Hawaii, Representative Tokuda.
  This bill would direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a 
feasibility study to determine the suitability of designating Lahaina, 
in Maui County, Hawaii, as a national heritage area.
  It is the historical capital of the Kingdom of Hawaii and a 
significant area for Native Hawaiians' history and culture. Today, it 
still serves as a significant site for Native Hawaiians but also is a 
vital economic and touristic hub for the island of Maui.
  However, in August of 2023, Maui experienced a series of deadly 
wildfires that took over 100 lives, destroyed thousands of buildings 
and historic cultural landmarks, and displaced thousands of people. 
More than a year later, recovery efforts are still underway and are 
expected to exceed tens of billions of dollars.

                              {time}  1700

  Mr. Speaker, designating this national heritage area would help 
preserve Lahaina's rich cultural heritage and support recovery efforts 
by unlocking Federal funding to rehabilitate important sites and 
establish exhibits, programming, and other public awareness 
initiatives.
  I would like to thank the majority for working with us on this bill. 
It is an important link to the past as the community of Lahaina 
rebuilds and ensures their heritage lives on.
  I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this legislation, and I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I am 
prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to 
the sponsor of this bill, the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. Tokuda).
  Ms. TOKUDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill, 
H.R. 8219, the Lahaina National Heritage Area Study Act.
  On August 8, 2023, Hawaii experienced one of its very darkest days 
when the town of Lahaina was consumed by the worst wildfire in modern 
American history. We lost 102 members of our ``family,'' ``ohana,'' and 
we are still searching for 2 more that are missing.
  I stand on the House floor today, as I have dozens of times this 
Congress, to advocate on behalf of those impacted by this tragedy. As 
we approach the 16-month anniversary of the fires, there is still so 
much more that needs to be done.
  While I will continue to fight for disaster funding and continued 
Federal assistance for Lahaina and all of our communities touched by 
disaster, every action that we take to support the rebuilding of our 
community helps in the healing, which is why I am so grateful that we 
are here today to debate my Lahaina National Heritage Area Study Act.
  Currently of the 62 national heritage areas in the United States, 
none are in Hawaii. I cannot think of a better place to designate as 
Hawaii's first national heritage area than Lahaina.
  Even before the fires, community-driven efforts led by generational 
descendants and local leaders were focused on preserving Lahaina's rich 
history, tradition, and culture for future generations.
  My bill would be the first step in ensuring that Lahaina finally gets 
the recognition that she has long deserved. In consultation with State 
and local partners, the Lahaina National Heritage Area Study Act would 
direct the National Park Service to study the feasibility and 
suitability of this designation for Lahaina.
  At this time, I want to thank Chairman Westerman for coming with 
other Members of the House Committee on Natural Resources to Lahaina 
literally days after the fire. I will forever be grateful for your 
compassion, kindness, and support that you showed all of our people. I 
can honestly say that during this time of grieving, it gave them much 
hope and helped them start toward that process of healing to have you 
present there, to offer words of comfort and support.
  I know that this bill would not be here today without your leadership 
and support of this initiative. Mr. Speaker, I say, ``thank you,'' 
``mahalo'' to you and to all who came to our islands.
  I also want to thank all of my colleagues who cosponsored this bill 
and supported it throughout the committee process. I especially want to 
thank members of this committee, including Ranking Member Neguse and 
Congressmen LaMalfa, Case, Huffman, and Sablan as well for their 
support and help. It is greatly appreciated
  Two weeks ago, I stood inside one of the first transitional homes 
built by FEMA, looking out at what was once the vibrant and thriving 
town of Lahaina. For many who see it now, there are only cleared lots 
stretching from the hills to the sea. If you close your eyes, you can 
feel the deep pang of loss and grief. It is a pain that we all carry, 
softened only by the hope that comes with the very first steps towards 
rebuilding.
  In seeking to designate Lahaina a national heritage area, we are 
daring to look beyond what is in front of us. Beyond the devastation, 
there is history and culture that predates us all. There was a time 
when canals and waterways nourished the land, when bread, fruit, and 
taro flourished, and when our ``kings and queens,'' ``ali'i,'' resided 
and governed there.
  Once known as Lele, before it became Lahaina, this special place was 
the former capital of the Kingdom of Hawaii. Amid centuries of 
political and economic change, she has remained a gathering place for 
our people.
  As we work to rebuild Lahaina, my bill seeks to ensure that this is 
about not just restoring what was lost but

[[Page H6278]]

also anchoring our future in the rich history and culture of this 
sacred place so that they may endure long after we are gone.
  With the help of this Congress, we can honor Lahaina's past, while 
laying the foundation for a resilient and enduring future.
  I humbly ask my colleagues to support H.R. 8219, the Lahaina National 
Heritage Area Study Act.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, this is a straightforward bill that will 
help a hard-hit community and provide it with options for how it can 
best bounce back.
  I thank Representative Tokuda for advancing this important 
legislation on behalf of her constituents. I strongly support the 
legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support 
this bill.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 8219, as amended.
  The question was taken.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds 
being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.
  The yeas and nays were ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further 
proceedings on this motion will be postponed.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6278-H6279]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              ATCHAFALAYA NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA EXPANSION

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 6843), to expand the boundaries of the Atchafalaya National 
Heritage Area to include Lafourche Parish, Louisiana.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                               H.R. 6843

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. ATCHAFALAYA NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA EXPANSION.

       Section 213 of the Atchafalaya National Heritage Area Act 
     (subtitle B of title II of Public Law 109-338) is amended--
       (1) in subsection (b), by striking ``and Ascension Parish'' 
     and inserting ``Ascension, and Lafourche Parish''; and
       (2) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ``14'' and inserting 
     ``15''.

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
Dingell) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas


                             General Leave

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks 
and include extraneous material on H.R. 6843, the bill now under 
consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Arkansas?
  There was no objection.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise to support Leader Scalise's bill, H.R. 6843, 
which will modestly expand an existing national heritage area located 
in his district.
  Currently encompassing 14 parishes in southern Louisiana's 
Atchafalaya Basin, this national heritage area promotes the region's 
unique traditions, language, culture, and landscape.
  The Atchafalaya is the Nation's largest river swamp, boasting 
abundant natural resources such as ancient live oaks, towering cypress, 
sugarcane, and cotton. The region is also home to residents of 
European, African, Caribbean, and Native-American descent who all 
contribute to the area's famous Cajun culture.
  By promoting heritage development and tourism, the Atchafalaya 
National Heritage Area protects the region's very cultural and physical 
resources, while contributing to the local economy.
  H.R. 6843 will build on that success by expanding the boundaries of 
the national heritage area to include nearby Lafourche Parish. This 
humble expansion will help create jobs and safeguard the region's 
natural and cultural resources.
  I want to commend Leader Scalise for leading this effort to help 
promote local natural and cultural resources without Federal management 
or ownership and empower local approaches and do not hinder economic 
development.
  Mr. Speaker, I support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my 
time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6843, a bill 
introduced by our colleague and my friend from Louisiana (Mr. Scalise).
  The Atchafalaya National Heritage Area was established by Congress in 
2006. It is known for its rich cultures and ecologically varied 
regions. It stretches across 14 parishes in southern Louisiana, where 
it helps preserve and promote Cajun culture and the area's diverse 
abundance of wildlife and natural history.
  This bill would expand the current boundaries of the national 
heritage area to encompass the Lafourche Parish in southern Louisiana. 
The National Park Service studied and approved the expansion, making 
this an easy bill to support.
  National heritage areas preserve landscapes of significant importance 
to communities through natural, cultural, and historical resources. 
These areas also serve communities by providing recreational and 
economic opportunities.
  Expanding the boundary's areas will promote grassroots conservation 
efforts and expand economic opportunities in those regions. This is a 
win-win.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I reserve the 
balance of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from 
Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), the lead sponsor of this bill and the majority 
leader,
  Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Westerman, as well 
as the House Committee on Natural Resources for moving this bill 
forward. I thank my good friend, Mrs. Dingell, for her strong support 
as well, as she just expressed.
  I am honored to speak on behalf of my bill to update the boundaries 
of the existing Atchafalaya National Heritage Area to include Lafourche 
Parish which is in my district. Stretching across 14 parishes in 
Louisiana, the Atchafalaya National Heritage Area protects our region's 
storied culture and resources.
  From Cajun music, to zydeco, to our bayous and abundant natural 
resources, Louisiana has unparalleled culture and heritage and is home 
to some of the most unique and special landscapes in the world.
  The Atchafalaya National Heritage Area brings awareness to this 
region and tells the rich story of Louisiana's treasured culture and 
history.
  I am proud to lead the effort with my delegation colleagues to ensure 
that Lafourche Parish, the only parish in the historic boundary area 
that is left out of the original designation, is finally included in 
this national heritage area. This bill corrects a long-overdue 
oversight that will complete the Atchafalaya National Heritage Area.
  I would especially like to thank my fellow Louisiana delegation 
members, as well as the executive director of the Atchafalaya National 
Heritage Area, Justin Lemoine, the Lafourche Parish President, Archie 
Chaisson, the parishes originally included in the designation, and the 
other stakeholders for their support in this effort.
  I encourage all of my colleagues to join me in voting ``yes'' for 
this bill and in celebrating the great, unique heritage that we enjoy 
in south Louisiana.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I 
reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, 
and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, this straightforward bill will help 
strengthen the economic development, resource protection, and cultural 
heritage of a unique part of the country, while keeping Federal 
involvement to a minimum.
  I thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Scalise) for leading this 
important effort and for his tireless work on behalf his constituents.
  Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this legislation, and I yield 
back the balance of my time.

[[Page H6279]]

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6843.
  The question was taken; and (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill was passed.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.

                          ____________________








[Page H6279]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                                 RECESS

  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Obernolte). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of 
rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 6:30 
p.m. today.
  Accordingly (at 5 o'clock and 19 minutes p.m.), the House stood in 
recess.

                          ____________________








[Page H6279]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




               COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE

  The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following 
communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives:

                                              Office of the Clerk,


                                     House of Representatives,

                                 Washington, DC, December 3, 2024.
     Hon. Mike Johnson,
     Speaker, House of Representatives,
     Washington, DC.
       Dear Mr. Speaker: Pursuant to the permission granted in 
     Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of 
     Representatives, the Clerk received the following message 
     from the Secretary of the Senate on December 3, 2024, at 1:28 
     p.m.
       That the Senate passed S. 3746.
       That the Senate passed S. 4305.
       That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 7438.
       With best wishes, I am,
           Sincerely,
                                                Kevin F. McCumber,
     Acting Clerk.

                          ____________________








[Page H6279]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




     MAURICE D. HINCHEY HUDSON RIVER VALLEY NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA 
                            ENHANCEMENT ACT

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 390) to amend the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area 
Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-333; 54 U.S.C. 320101 note) to include all 
of Saratoga and Washington Counties in the boundaries of the Hudson 
River Valley National Heritage Area, as amended.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The text of the bill is as follows:

                                H.R. 390

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Maurice D. Hinchey Hudson 
     River Valley National Heritage Area Enhancement Act''.

     SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS.

       In this Act:
       (1) Secretary.--The term ``Secretary'' means the Secretary 
     of the Interior.
       (2) State.--The term ``State'' means the State of New York.
       (3) Study area.--The term ``study area'' means Saratoga and 
     Washington Counties in the State.

     SEC. 3. HUDSON RIVER VALLEY NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA STUDY.

       The Secretary, in consultation with State and local 
     historic preservation officers, State and local historical 
     societies, State and local tourism offices, and other 
     appropriate organizations and governmental agencies, shall 
     carry out, in accordance with section 120103(a) of title 54, 
     United States Code, a study to assess the suitability and 
     feasibility of designating the study area as part of the 
     Maurice D. Hinchey Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area 
     established under the Hudson River Valley National Heritage 
     Area Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-333; 54 U.S.C. 320101 note).

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. 
Dingell) each will control 20 minutes.
  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas.


                             General Leave

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and 
include extraneous material on H.R. 390, the bill now under 
consideration.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentleman from Arkansas?
  There was no objection.

                              {time}  1715

  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of Representative Stefanik's bill, the 
Maurice D. Hinchey Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area 
Enhancement Act. Established in 1996, the Maurice D. Hinchey Hudson 
River Valley National Heritage Area was among the earliest national 
heritage areas designated by Congress.
  It follows the Hudson River for roughly 150 miles through New York 
State covering 10 counties, 250 communities, and 107 distinct heritage 
sites.
  These sites reflect the Hudson River Valley's natural, historic, and 
cultural contributions to the Nation. Many of these sites, for example, 
have important ties to the Revolutionary and Civil Wars, and the 
Underground Railroad.
  Recognizing this region's importance to American history, this 
legislation will direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a 
study assessing the suitability and feasibility of expanding the 
boundaries of the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area to include 
all of Saratoga and Washington Counties.
  This change would bring the Federal boundaries of the national 
heritage area in line with the State's boundaries. Such an expansion 
could increase opportunities for Saratoga and Washington Counties to 
attract more tourism and support local economic development without 
adding to the Federal estate.
  I praise Representative Stefanik for her leadership on this issue and 
for her work this Congress advocating on behalf of her constituents. 
The Committee on Natural Resources has passed three pieces of her 
legislation this year by unanimous consent, no small feat, and each of 
these bills directly benefit her constituents.
  We will all certainly miss Representative Stefanik next year, but in 
the meantime, I look forward to working with her to advance this bill 
in Congress. I support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.
  Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Maurice D. Hinchey Hudson River 
Valley National Heritage Area Enhancement Act introduced by 
Representative Stefanik of New York.
  This bill would add the remaining portion of Saratoga County and 
Washington County in New York to the Maurice D. Hinchey Hudson River 
Valley National Heritage Area.
  First designated in 1996, this heritage area preserves and celebrates 
the nationally significant, cultural, and natural resources of the 
Hudson River Valley, including the significance of the location during 
the American Revolutionary War.
  As a Member of this House, Representative Hinchey fiercely advocated 
for the success and growth of the heritage area throughout his career. 
His leadership and dedication made such an incredible mark that 
Congress chose to designate the area in his honor after he tragically 
passed away in 2017.
  This bill is a fitting way to continue the success of the heritage 
area and honor his legacy. I urge support for this bill. I have no 
other speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may 
consume.
  Mr. Speaker, this is a simple, bipartisan bill that will assess 
promising opportunities to empower local voices, bolster economic 
development, and protect cultural resources in a very important region.
  Once again, Representative Stefanik has worked hard to deliver sound 
policies for her constituents. I urge adoption of this bill, and I 
yield back the balance of my time.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 390, as amended.
  The question was taken.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds 
being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.
  Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.
  The yeas and nays were ordered.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further 
proceedings on this motion will be postponed.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6279-H6280]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1830
                              AFTER RECESS

  The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the 
Speaker pro

[[Page H6280]]

tempore (Mr. Murphy) at 6 o'clock and 30 minutes p.m.

                          ____________________








[Page H6280]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




     AMERICA'S CONSERVATION ENHANCEMENT REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2024

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the 
unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and 
pass the bill (S. 3791) to reauthorize the America's Conservation 
Enhancement Act, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas 
and nays were ordered.
  The Clerk read the title of the bill.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended.
  The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were--yeas 366, 
nays 21, not voting 45, as follows:

                             [Roll No. 479]

                               YEAS--366

     Adams
     Aderholt
     Aguilar
     Alford
     Allen
     Allred
     Amo
     Amodei
     Armstrong
     Arrington
     Auchincloss
     Babin
     Bacon
     Baird
     Balderson
     Balint
     Banks
     Barr
     Beatty
     Bentz
     Bera
     Bergman
     Beyer
     Bice
     Bilirakis
     Bishop (GA)
     Boebert
     Bonamici
     Bost
     Boyle (PA)
     Brown
     Brownley
     Buchanan
     Bucshon
     Budzinski
     Burgess
     Bush
     Calvert
     Cammack
     Caraveo
     Carbajal
     Cardenas
     Carey
     Carl
     Carson
     Carter (GA)
     Carter (LA)
     Cartwright
     Casar
     Case
     Castor (FL)
     Castro (TX)
     Chavez-DeRemer
     Cherfilus-McCormick
     Chu
     Ciscomani
     Clark (MA)
     Clarke (NY)
     Cleaver
     Cline
     Clyburn
     Clyde
     Cohen
     Cole
     Collins
     Comer
     Connolly
     Correa
     Courtney
     Craig
     Crawford
     Crenshaw
     Crockett
     Crow
     Cuellar
     D'Esposito
     Davids (KS)
     Davidson
     Davis (IL)
     Davis (NC)
     De La Cruz
     Dean (PA)
     DeGette
     DeLauro
     DelBene
     Deluzio
     DeSaulnier
     DesJarlais
     Diaz-Balart
     Dingell
     Doggett
     Duarte
     Duncan
     Dunn (FL)
     Edwards
     Ellzey
     Emmer
     Escobar
     Eshoo
     Espaillat
     Estes
     Ezell
     Fallon
     Feenstra
     Ferguson
     Finstad
     Fischbach
     Fitzgerald
     Fitzpatrick
     Fleischmann
     Flood
     Fong
     Foster
     Foushee
     Foxx
     Frankel, Lois
     Franklin, Scott
     Frost
     Fry
     Fulcher
     Garamendi
     Garbarino
     Garcia (IL)
     Garcia (TX)
     Gimenez
     Golden (ME)
     Goldman (NY)
     Gonzales, Tony
     Gonzalez, V.
     Gooden (TX)
     Graves (MO)
     Green (TN)
     Green, Al (TX)
     Griffith
     Grothman
     Guest
     Guthrie
     Harder (CA)
     Harshbarger
     Hayes
     Hern
     Higgins (LA)
     Hill
     Himes
     Hinson
     Horsford
     Houchin
     Houlahan
     Hoyer
     Hoyle (OR)
     Hudson
     Huffman
     Huizenga
     Hunt
     Issa
     Ivey
     Jackson (IL)
     Jackson (TX)
     James
     Jayapal
     Jeffries
     Johnson (GA)
     Jordan
     Joyce (OH)
     Joyce (PA)
     Kamlager-Dove
     Kaptur
     Kean (NJ)
     Kelly (IL)
     Kelly (MS)
     Kelly (PA)
     Kennedy
     Khanna
     Kiggans (VA)
     Kildee
     Kiley
     Kilmer
     Kim (CA)
     Kim (NJ)
     Krishnamoorthi
     Kuster
     Kustoff
     LaHood
     LaLota
     LaMalfa
     Landsman
     Langworthy
     Larsen (WA)
     Larson (CT)
     Latta
     Lawler
     Lee (CA)
     Lee (FL)
     Lee (NV)
     Lee (PA)
     Lee Carter
     Levin
     Lieu
     Lofgren
     Lopez
     Loudermilk
     Luttrell
     Mace
     Magaziner
     Malliotakis
     Maloy
     Mann
     Manning
     Matsui
     McBath
     McCaul
     McClain
     McClellan
     McCollum
     McCormick
     McGarvey
     McGovern
     McHenry
     McIver
     Meeks
     Menendez
     Meng
     Meuser
     Mfume
     Miller (IL)
     Miller (OH)
     Miller (WV)
     Miller-Meeks
     Mills
     Molinaro
     Moolenaar
     Mooney
     Moore (UT)
     Moore (WI)
     Moran
     Morelle
     Moskowitz
     Moulton
     Mrvan
     Mullin
     Murphy
     Nadler
     Napolitano
     Neal
     Neguse
     Nehls
     Newhouse
     Nickel
     Norcross
     Nunn (IA)
     Obernolte
     Ocasio-Cortez
     Omar
     Owens
     Pallone
     Palmer
     Panetta
     Pappas
     Pelosi
     Peltola
     Pence
     Perez
     Peters
     Pettersen
     Pfluger
     Phillips
     Pingree
     Pocan
     Posey
     Pressley
     Quigley
     Ramirez
     Raskin
     Reschenthaler
     Rodgers (WA)
     Rogers (AL)
     Rose
     Ross
     Rouzer
     Ruiz
     Rulli
     Ruppersberger
     Rutherford
     Ryan
     Salinas
     Sanchez
     Sarbanes
     Scalise
     Scanlon
     Schakowsky
     Schiff
     Schneider
     Scholten
     Schrier
     Schweikert
     Scott (VA)
     Scott, Austin
     Scott, David
     Sessions
     Sewell
     Sherman
     Sherrill
     Smith (MO)
     Smith (NJ)
     Smith (WA)
     Smucker
     Sorensen
     Soto
     Spanberger
     Stansbury
     Stanton
     Stauber
     Steel
     Stefanik
     Steil
     Stevens
     Strickland
     Strong
     Suozzi
     Swalwell
     Sykes
     Takano
     Tenney
     Thanedar
     Thompson (CA)
     Thompson (MS)
     Thompson (PA)
     Tiffany
     Timmons
     Titus
     Tlaib
     Tokuda
     Tonko
     Torres (CA)
     Trahan
     Turner
     Underwood
     Valadao
     Van Drew
     Van Duyne
     Van Orden
     Vargas
     Vasquez
     Veasey
     Velazquez
     Wagner
     Walberg
     Wasserman Schultz
     Waters
     Watson Coleman
     Weber (TX)
     Webster (FL)
     Wenstrup
     Westerman
     Wexton
     Wied
     Wild
     Williams (GA)
     Williams (NY)
     Williams (TX)
     Wilson (FL)
     Wilson (SC)
     Wittman
     Womack
     Yakym
     Zinke

                                NAYS--21

     Bean (FL)
     Biggs
     Brecheen
     Burchett
     Burlison
     Cloud
     Crane
     Donalds
     Good (VA)
     Gosar
     Greene (GA)
     Hageman
     Massie
     McClintock
     Norman
     Ogles
     Perry
     Rosendale
     Roy
     Self
     Steube

                             NOT VOTING--45

     Barragan
     Bishop (NC)
     Blumenauer
     Blunt Rochester
     Bowman
     Carter (TX)
     Casten
     Costa
     Curtis
     Evans
     Fletcher
     Gallego
     Garcia, Mike
     Garcia, Robert
     Gomez
     Gottheimer
     Granger
     Graves (LA)
     Grijalva
     Harris
     Jackson (NC)
     Jacobs
     Johnson (SD)
     Keating
     Lamborn
     LaTurner
     Leger Fernandez
     Lesko
     Letlow
     Lucas
     Luetkemeyer
     Luna
     Lynch
     Mast
     Moore (AL)
     Porter
     Rogers (KY)
     Salazar
     Simpson
     Slotkin
     Smith (NE)
     Spartz
     Torres (NY)
     Trone
     Waltz

                              {time}  1900

  So (two-thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and 
the bill, as amended, was passed.
  The result of the vote was announced as above recorded.
  A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
  Stated for:
  Mr. CASTEN. Mr. Speaker, I missed Roll Call vote 479. Had I been 
present, I would have voted as follows: YEA on Roll Call No. 479.
  Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would 
have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 479.
  Stated against:
  Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 479, I mistakenly voted YEA 
when I intended to vote NAY.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6280-H6281]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          HONORING OMER NEUTRA

  (Mr. LAWLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute.)
  Mr. LAWLER. Mr. Speaker, today, we New Yorkers rise with a heavy 
heart to honor the memory of Omer Neutra, a 21-year-old from Plainview, 
New York.
  A grandson of Holocaust survivors, Omer deferred his enrollment at 
SUNY Binghamton to serve in the Israeli Defense Forces, driven by a 
profound sense of duty and a dream of building peace in the Middle 
East.
  On October 7, 2023, Omer, serving as a tank commander, was among the 
first to respond to Hamas' brutal attack, risking his life to protect 
others. Tragically, as we learned this weekend, his life was taken 
during this horrific massacre.
  Omer's loss is deeply felt by the entire community in New York and 
across America. Flags across our State have been flown at half-staff in 
his honor, and we all join together in mourning a young man of 
extraordinary courage and conviction.
  Our deepest condolences are with his parents, Orna and Ronen; his 
brother, Daniel; and their entire family.
  For the past 423 days, driven by the love of their son, Orna and 
Ronen have endured something that no parent should ever have to endure. 
With strength, courage, resolve, and hope, they traveled the world, 
petitioned world leaders, visited Washington dozens of times, and 
fought tirelessly to bring their son home.
  Yesterday, I had the opportunity to speak with Orna and Ronen and 
offered my profound sorrow for their loss and that of our country. I 
told them how much I admire, respect, and love them, for they never 
stopped fighting, and I promised them we would never stop fighting to 
bring Omer's body home and get them the justice they deserve.
  We will bring them home. May Omer's memory always be a blessing, and 
may we never forget his sacrifice in the pursuit of peace and in the 
defense of democracy.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Stefanik), 
the esteemed House Republican chair and future U.S. Ambassador to the 
United Nations.
  Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, October 7 marked one of the darkest days 
in history, the bloodiest day for the Jewish people since the 
Holocaust.
  Iranian-backed Hamas committed unspeakable atrocities against 
humanity, savagely murdering 1,200 innocent

[[Page H6281]]

Israelis, viciously assaulting and raping women, and taking hundreds of 
men, women, babies, and elderly victims as hostages.
  On this day of pure evil, Omer Neutra lost his life commanding his 
tank platoon in defense of Israel against these barbaric Hamas 
terrorists. Omer was an incredibly brave 21-year-old American Israeli 
and New York native who grew up on Long Island, loved the Knicks, and 
was the captain of his high school basketball team.
  After spending a gap year in Israel, Omer joined the IDF in 2020, 
putting off his plans to attend SUNY Binghamton. In the IDF, Omer 
served as a tank platoon commander on the Gaza border.
  As the catastrophic events of Hamas' barbaric October 7 attacks were 
unfolding, Omer's parents, Ronen and Orna, immediately began their 
advocacy to find their beloved son.
  For over 420 days, Ronen and Orna shared Omer's story and brought 
attention to the hostages being held by Hamas in Gaza. They bravely 
kept their hope and light through dozens of meetings with U.S. and 
Israeli government officials advocating on behalf of Omer and the other 
hostages.
  Ronen and Orna's strength and resilience for over 400 days truly 
embodies the light that Israel stands for and that Hamas tried and 
failed to extinguish. It has never been more important to support our 
most precious ally in its fight for survival and let the world know 
that this is not Israel's fight alone, and that the 45th and 47th 
President of the United States, Donald J. Trump, has made crystal 
clear: If the hostages are not released, there will be all hell to pay.
  Mr. LAWLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. 
Meeks), the ranking member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.
  Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, my heart goes out to Omer's family. October 
7, 2023, was a beautiful, clear day. Omer, a 21-year-old, who decided 
that he was going to make a difference and have peace in the Middle 
East, was just there on duty and then being called because of the 
horrific attack across the border of Gaza into Israel.
  At 21 years old, he put everything aside, never thought on that 
morning when he woke up that he would have to go into battle to try to 
save lives because a vicious attack of pure hate was taking place.
  He lost his life, an American-Israeli citizen killed, a tank platoon 
commander in the IDF. I can't even imagine the strength and the pain 
that his family, his mother and his father, Ronen and Orna, have felt 
and continue to feel.
  We stand here united today, Democrats and Republicans, Members and 
people of the United States of America saying that we will stand 
together. We will be with you. We will continue to pray, for we must 
make sure that his life was not given and taken in vain.

  Together, we must make sure that his name is forever, as well as all 
who lost their lives and those who need to be returned home, because 
all hostages should be returned home immediately, and strive and move 
for peace in the Middle East.
  We cannot stop. We cannot forget. We have got to lock arms hand in 
hand until there is peace, and a 21-year-old who had a dream is not 
deferred, a 21-year-old who just wanted peace is not stopped.
  We will stand together as American citizens to say we will stop evil 
that is happening and that happened on that day of October 7.
  Mr. LAWLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. 
Suozzi), my colleague who represents the Neutra family as a Member of 
Congress.
  Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Lawler, and I thank all of my 
colleagues for standing here together today.
  Mr. Speaker, 8 years ago, I met a 14-year-old Solomon Schechter 
School freshman at the local Salute to Israel event at the Sid Jacobson 
JCC on Long Island. His name was Omer Neutra.
  When I met Omer's parents, Ronen and Orna Neutra, in December of 
2023, they described Omer as a likable, big, goofy kid who excelled in 
sports and who other kids liked to be around.
  After graduating from the Solomon Schechter School, Omer, whose 
grandparents were Holocaust survivors, decided before going to 
Binghamton University, he would join the Israel Defense Forces. Instead 
of staying for just a year, he worked his way up to become a tank 
commander.
  On October 7, 2023, Omer was the victim of the surprise attack by the 
Hamas terrorists. For over 420 days, Omer's parents and his brother, 
Daniel, have done everything they can with the love and support of 
hundreds of thousands of others to free their son from captivity. Every 
day, they soldiered on through alternating deep sorrow and brief bursts 
of hopefulness.
  They went from crushing anxiety to steely determination. Just a few 
days ago we learned that this young man, this bright light, this 
courageous idealist, made the ultimate sacrifice. Omer had not been 
alive for the past 423 days. He was murdered on October 7.
  Now all of his family's alternating emotions have been replaced with 
deep grief. We who know them grieve with them. We thank God for the 
gift of his life. We pray for the Neutras, and tonight we rededicate 
ourselves to Omer's just cause.
  We resolve to move forward, guided by his example, his courage, and 
his memory, and may his memory be a blessing.
  ``The People of Israel Live,'' ``Am Yisrael Chai.''
  Mr. LAWLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask that all Members join me for a brief 
moment of silence in honor of Omer Neutra.

                          ____________________








[Page H6281]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




               RECOGNIZING NATIONAL SPECIAL EDUCATION DAY

  (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to 
address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize 
National Special Education Day.
  Special education is about more than academics. It is about opening 
doors, tearing down barriers, and empowering every child to reach their 
fullest potential.
  It is about recognizing that our differences are strengths and that 
diversity in learning enriches us all.
  In the 1970s, Congress made a commitment to provide a free and 
appropriate education to students with disabilities. Through the 
Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, we made strides in 
inclusion in education.
  While we have made tremendous progress, more work remains to be done.
  Congress promised to cover 40 percent of the extra cost of special 
education, but we have never come close to fulfilling that promise. In 
fact, the current funding remains at only 14 percent of the targeted 
amount.
  This means our students and schools suffer, and students with 
disabilities will not be able to succeed--not without the appropriate, 
high-quality services that they deserve.
  For many years I have been proud to help introduce the IDEA Full 
Funding Act, which would gradually increase IDEA funding to reach that 
full commitment.
  Mr. Speaker, National Special Education Day is not just a moment to 
reflect on how far we have come. It is a call to action for how far we 
still need to go.

                          ____________________








[Page H6281]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1915
  PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 4261

  Mr. JACKSON of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I 
may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 4261, a 
bill originally introduced by Representative Payne of New Jersey, for 
the purpose of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to 
clause 7 of rule XII.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. James). Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Illinois?
  There was no objection.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6281-H6282]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 ETHICS REPORT ON REPRESENTATIVE GAETZ

  (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today I filed a bill to require the Ethics 
Committee to release the ethics report on former Representative Matt 
Gaetz, and I will give notice shortly.

[[Page H6282]]

  I don't do this to give the salacious parts of the report to the 
public for any purposes, such as they might have for people, and there 
certainly are alleged parts in there concerning sex with a minor and 
drug use. I do it because it is important because Mr. Gaetz said that 
the report was a witch hunt, and it put the House on the defensive, and 
it should have, by saying it was a witch hunt.
  The House Ethics Committee members spent a lot of time and the staff 
spent a lot of time, and it cost a lot of money.
  The House needs to defend itself, and the best way to do that is to 
release the report and show that it was not a witch hunt but that it 
was important.
  It also said that they would determine that he misused his office, 
that he converted campaign funds for personal use, and that he engaged 
in bribery, improper gratuities, or impermissible gifts.
  There are other matters in here that I don't really understand, but I 
think the public should know.

                          ____________________








[Page H6282]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    HONORING SHERIFF JOHN T. WILCHER

  (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career 
of Sheriff John T. Wilcher.
  Sheriff Wilcher was a veteran law enforcement officer and a lifelong 
servant of Chatham County.
  Sheriff Wilcher rose through the ranks, holding nearly every position 
within the sheriff's office. He retired from the rank of colonel in 
2014 and continued his service to Chatham County when he was elected 
sheriff in 2016. He was then reelected in 2020 without opposition, 
further establishing his legacy as a trusted public servant.
  Sheriff Wilcher's excellence extends far beyond his duties as a 
sheriff. Throughout his career, he won the Georgia Sheriffs' 
Association Excellence Award, Trial Lawyers Award, the MLK award for 
elected officials in 2020, and rightfully secured several other 
incredible honors.
  Notably, he founded the annual Chatham County Sheriff's Office Poker 
Run, raising over $350,000 for Georgia Sheriffs' Youth Homes over the 
course of 17 years.

  Sheriff Wilcher is not only an incredible public servant but a 
dedicated family man. He celebrates his life achievements alongside his 
wife, Dorothy, and their two children. His honor and dedication to 
Chatham County will be cherished forever and leave a lasting mark on 
future generations.
  Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Sheriff Wilcher on his retirement.

                          ____________________








[Page H6282]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




   NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER RESOLUTION RAISING A QUESTION OF THE 
                        PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE

  Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise 
to give notice of my intention to raise a question of privileges of the 
House.
  The form of the resolution is as follows:
  Directing the Committee on Ethics to preserve and release the records 
of the Committee's review of the alleged misconduct of Matthew Louis 
Gaetz II of Florida while serving as a Member of this honorable body of 
the House of Representatives.
  Whereas, Matthew Louis Gaetz II of Florida served in the House of 
Representatives from January 3, 2017, through November 13, 2024;
  Whereas, Clause 2 of Section 5 of Article I of the Constitution of 
the United States establishes that ``each House may determine the rules 
of its proceedings'' and ``punish its Members for disorderly 
behavior'';
  Whereas, clause 3(a)(2) of rule XI of the rules of the House of 
Representatives provides the Committee on Ethics the authority to 
investigate alleged violations by a Member, Delegate, or a Resident 
Commissioner, officer, or employee of the House of the Code of Official 
Conduct or rule of law rule or rule, regulation, or other standard of 
conduct applicable to the conduct of such Member, Delegate, Resident 
Commissioner, officer, or employee in the performance of the duties or 
the discharge of responsibilities of such individual;
  Whereas, on April 9, 2021, the Committee on Ethics initiated a review 
of allegations that Representative Gaetz may have ``engaged in sexual 
misconduct and/or illicit drug use, shared inappropriate images or 
videos on the House floor, misused State identification records, 
converted campaign funds to personal use, and/or accepted a bribe, 
improperly gratuity, or impermissible gift in violation of the House 
rules, laws, or other standards of conduct'' in violation of the 
Federal law and the rules of the House;
  Whereas, on June 18, 2024, the Committee on Ethics released a 
statement acknowledging the committee's continued review of allegations 
that Representative Gaetz may have ``engaged in sexual misconduct and 
illicit drug use, accepted improper gifts, dispensed special privileges 
and favors to individuals with whom he had a personal relationship, and 
sought to obstruct government investigations of his conduct'';
  Whereas, if Representative Gaetz engaged in the alleged violations 
while serving as a Member of the House, such conduct would affect the 
rights of the House of Representatives and the integrity of the 
legislative process:
  Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Committee on Ethics shall--
  (1) preserve all documents and investigative materials related to any 
review of Matthew Louis Gaetz II's conduct while serving as a Member of 
the House of Representatives;
  (2) publicly release the committee's report, including any associated 
findings, recommendations, and proposed disciplinary actions, as 
discussed by the committee on November 20, 2024, regarding the alleged 
violations of the Code of Official Conduct of the House or of a law, 
rule, regulation, or other standard of conduct by Matthew Louis Gaetz 
II while serving as a Member of the House of Representatives; and
  (3) in accordance with the committee's practice for releasing public 
documents, they should hide witnesses' identities and redact any 
personally identifiable information of minors and victims from any 
House documents associated with this matter before publicly releasing 
them.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under rule IX, a resolution offered from the 
floor by a Member other than the majority leader or the minority leader 
as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence 
only at a time designated by the Chair within 2 legislative days after 
the resolution is properly noticed.
  Pending that designation, the form of the resolution noticed by the 
gentleman from Tennessee will appear in the Record at this point.
  The Chair will not at this point determine whether the resolution 
constitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at 
the time designated for consideration of the resolution.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6282-H6283]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                  PAYING TRIBUTE TO DAVID WEHRMEISTER

  (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend her remarks.)
  Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to pay tribute to an 
extraordinary leader and advocate for our Nation's youth, David 
Wehrmeister of Toledo, Ohio. David passed away recently after a 
courageous battle with cancer.
  For over 50 years, a half a century and more, David devoted his life 
to empowering children and enriching our community through his work 
with the Boys & Girls Clubs of Toledo. He was phenomenal.
  His journey began at the South Toledo Boys Club at just 10 years old 
and blossomed into a career of unmatched fatherly dedication.
  Later, as executive director for two decades, David championed 
countless initiatives, including partnerships of the clubs with Toledo 
Public Schools, ensuring all students had access to vital resources and 
joyful opportunities.
  He also played a key role in forging creative partnerships with local 
organizations like the YMCA, the Toledo Museum of Art, MetroParks, and 
the Toledo Zoo.
  Above all, David was a devoted family man, a loving husband to Lisa, 
and

[[Page H6283]]

a dedicated father to Adam, Nathan, and Anna. His legacy will endure 
through the literally thousands of lives he inspired in Toledo and 
beyond in the critical formative years that children need.
  David Wehrmeister's life exemplifies the best of service to your 
fellow men and women, building a brighter future one child at a time. 
That was David.

                          ____________________








[Page H6283]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          WORLD AIDS DAY 2024

  (Ms. LEE of California asked and was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.)
  Ms. LEE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to 
commemorate World AIDS Day. This year's theme is Collective Action: 
Sustain and Accelerate HIV Progress.
  Indeed, our collective action has delivered immense success to 
overcome the AIDS epidemic.
  While our Federal Government was initially slow to act, Federal 
investment has made a crucial contribution to the fight against HIV and 
AIDS. America's PEPFAR investments have saved more than 25 million 
lives. Nine out of ten Americans receiving care through the Ryan White 
and the minority AIDS programs are virally suppressed, improving their 
health and preventing transmission. Housing Opportunities for People 
With AIDS, or HOPWA, has ensured housing stability for tens of 
thousands of people living with HIV.
  Now, this progress was not accidental. It required deliberate, 
substantial Federal investment. We had to be intentional. Federal 
investment in fighting HIV and AIDS remains absolutely necessary. 
Pulling back now on our investments risks seeing HIV come roaring back.

  We cannot afford to go back to where we were nearly four decades ago. 
Mr. Speaker, I implore my colleagues to work together to support 
continued, robust Federal investments to end the HIV and AIDS epidemic 
by 2030 for everyone everywhere.

                          ____________________








[Page H6283]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




   CELEBRATING ST. JOHN'S COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER'S 60TH ANNIVERSARY

  (Ms. KAMLAGER-DOVE asked and was given permission to address the 
House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.)
  Ms. KAMLAGER-DOVE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate 
the 60th anniversary of St. John's Community Health, a beacon of hope 
and healing for underserved communities in Los Angeles and beyond.
  Since its founding, St. John's has grown into one of the largest 
Federally qualified health center networks in our country, providing 
essential healthcare services to hundreds of thousands of patients each 
year.
  Guided by a mission of healthcare as a human right, St. John's has 
touched the lives of countless individuals, ensuring that the most 
vulnerable in our society receive the care they deserve.
  This remarkable organization has led with compassionate innovation, 
addressing health disparities, championing social justice, and 
advocating for equity in healthcare access.
  St. John's partnership with labor unions, schools, and local 
government has strengthened its ability to respond to challenges facing 
communities in Los Angeles, San Bernardino, and Riverside Counties.
  Mr. Speaker, as we commemorate this milestone, let us recognize the 
unwavering leadership of Jim Mangia, president and CEO of St. John's, 
and the contribution of the dedicated staff, volunteers, and 
supporters.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank St. John's Community Health for 60 years of 
care, compassion, and commitment to the well-being of our communities.

                          ____________________








[Page H6283]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              {time}  1930
                  REINING IN GOVERNMENT INEFFICIENCIES

  (Mr. LaMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 
1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.)
  Mr. LaMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about the urgent need 
to rein in government inefficiencies and wasteful spending.
  In 1982, the Grace Commission, launched by President Reagan, revealed 
shocking examples of bloated budgets like $400 hammers and offered 
cost-cutting measures that saved taxpayers at the time over $100 
billion.
  It also exposed how politics often stands in the way of real reform. 
That is why I am eager to meet with Elon Musk and Vivek Ramaswamy this 
Thursday. These are leaders who have proved that innovation and 
efficiency can transform entire industries.
  Mr. Speaker, imagine applying that same mindset they bring to clean 
up our government and save Americans many billions of dollars via the 
Department of Government Efficiency that they are working on.
  The Grace Commission at the time showed us what is possible, but it 
is time to take that mission further.
  Now, with Elon and Vivek at the helm, I am confident we can turn bold 
ideas into action and make the government work smarter, not harder, for 
the people.
  Together let's finish what Ronald Reagan started and deliver 
accountability through the Department of Government Efficiency, which 
shouldn't be an oxymoron or even a joke.
  Taxpayers should be able to expect efficiency from their government 
from their hard-earned tax dollars.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6283-H6288]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   PAYING TRIBUTE TO SHIRLEY CHISOLM

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker's announced policy of 
January 9, 2023, the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Cherfilus-
McCormick) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority 
leader.


                             General Leave

  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that 
all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their 
remarks and include any extraneous material on the subject of this 
Special Order hour.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the 
gentlewoman from Florida?
  There was no objection.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I 
rise today to anchor the CBC Special Order hour. For the next 60 
minutes, members of the CBC have an opportunity to honor the legacy of 
Congresswoman Shirley Chisolm, an individual of great importance to the 
Congressional Black Caucus, Congress, the constituents we represent, 
and all Americans.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Clarke).
  Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, let me thank my dear colleague, 
Congresswoman Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick, along with her partner, 
Congressman Jonathan Jackson, for anchoring this evening's Special 
Order hour honoring Shirley Chisolm.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today on this special occasion to celebrate and 
commemorate the 100th birthday of the late Congresswoman Shirley Anita 
St. Hill Chisholm and in commemoration of her lifetime of extraordinary 
trailblazing achievement.
  Shirley Chisolm was a woman who truly lived her American Dream out 
loud, unapologetically, and with audacity. Her special brand of 
leadership and her charismatic persona in concert with her audacious 
eloquence and sheer elegance brought to the world our fight for justice 
through the embodiment of a petite woman from Brooklyn.
  As the only Black woman in the New York State congressional 
delegation, also a Brooklynite, and the Member who holds the very same 
seat in part that Shirley Chisholm once held, I am not only duty bound 
to prioritize the marginalized and overlooked and protect the 
underserved and left behind, I am compelled to do so.
  My Congress Member, Congresswoman Shirley Chisolm, did the same for 
me. She championed my cause, she paid it forward, and she pulled me up, 
just as she did for all Americans. You see, Mr. Speaker, Congresswoman 
Shirley Chisolm was a woman who dared to be a catalyst for change.
  From her first day in the New York State Assembly to her last in the 
United States House of Representatives and beyond, Congresswoman 
Shirley Chisolm fought to deliver justice, fairness, and equality to 
all Americans.
  We are all very fortunate that her life's work, which pioneered 
progress

[[Page H6284]]

and restructured the status quo, altered the very chemistry of this 
body and has provided us a blueprint that we need to do the same.
  Remembering the name and remembering the accolades of Shirley Chisolm 
does more than memorialize her life and legacy. It proves to the 
millions of Black girls and women in this country that if they achieve, 
if they strive for their greatness, if they better their country and 
this world, then they too may be remembered eternally by the Nation 
they devoted their lives to bettering. They, too, may be remembered for 
all time as the trailblazers and changemakers of their day.
  We know all too well that progress has never happened by accident. It 
takes leaders, and in many cases, it takes Black women leaders. 
Thankfully, today we have countless of them to lean on and to learn 
from.
  Together, I believe we have a moral mandate and an opportunity to not 
just examine racial inequalities that span every sector and every 
segment of our society, but the responsibility to tell the truth about 
how we got here. By celebrating the late Shirley Anita St. Hill 
Chisholm, we are fulfilling that responsibility.
  It is indeed my honor to stand here. Both of us were born in the 
month of November. Both of us are daughters of Caribbean immigrants. 
Both of us love to dance and love to dress. Shirley Chisolm was a 
trailblazer, Shirley Chisolm was a changemaker, and Shirley Chisolm 
will forever be remembered.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman 
from Alabama (Ms. Sewell).
  Ms. SEWELL. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues of the Congressional 
Black Caucus in paying tribute to the one and only Shirley Chisolm as 
we celebrate what would have been her 100th birthday.
  The first Black woman ever elected to Congress, Shirley Chisolm is an 
icon and a trailblazing public servant whose contributions to our 
Nation shall never be forgotten.
  As a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus, she took a 
bold stand against injustice for all. She used her position on the 
House Agriculture Committee to expand food assistance for vulnerable 
families, and she championed policies to advance equality for women and 
African Americans.

  Shirley Chisolm has always been one of my greatest sheroes, and I am 
fortunate to have met her before she passed. As a senior at Princeton 
University, I had the opportunity to interview Ms. Shirley Chisolm for 
my senior thesis titled ``Black Women in Politics: Our Time Has Come.''
  As luck would have it, it started to snow just as I sat down with 
her. My 30-minute interview turned into 4 hours with Shirley Chisolm.
  Shirley Chisolm shared the challenges and struggles that she 
encountered as the first African-American woman ever elected to 
Congress. She spoke about the importance of defining yourself for 
yourself. She taught us that if you are not given a seat at the 
decisionmaking table, then bring a folding chair.
  Most importantly, she inspired little Black girls like myself to have 
a voice in the world. Today, when I am feeling distraught, when I am 
frustrated on the House floor, when I am upset that I wasn't able to 
deliver for my constituents, I walk by that glorious portrait of 
Shirley Chisolm in the Nation's Capitol. Her hand is on her hips, her 
finger is pointed. She is, indeed, unbossed and unbought.
  Mr. Speaker, when I see that glorious portrait, I have to tell you 
that I get a pep in my step. I get a glide in my stride. She fought the 
good fight and so must we.
  Shirley Chisolm's career paved the way for countless Black women to 
follow in her footsteps, and I know that it is because of her amazing 
leadership and leadership like hers that I get to walk the Halls of 
Congress as Alabama's first African-American Congresswoman.
  I join my colleagues in celebrating the 100th birthday of the 
legendary Shirley Chisolm. May we never forget the minds that she 
changed, the change that she sparked, and the countless Americans whom 
she inspired.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman 
from California (Ms. Lee).
  Ms. LEE of California. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman 
from Florida for yielding and for her tremendous and steady leadership 
in bringing us all together during these very important Congressional 
Black Caucus Special Order hours.
  Yes, Congresswoman Chisolm made history as the first Black woman to 
be elected to the United States Congress. She was the first. I am the 
20th. That is since 1789, mind you, when the first Congress went into 
session.
  She also was the first Black woman and the first woman to run for the 
Presidency of the United States of America.
  Throughout her seven terms representing New York's 12th Congressional 
District, and mine just happens to be California's 12th Congressional 
District, Shirley worked across the aisle to advocate for her 
constituents and to pass bipartisan reforms. She focused on tackling 
issues of food insecurity and economic justice.
  She was known as Fighting Shirley. She was a fearless advocate for 
American families who served as the founding member of the 
Congressional Black Caucus.
  There are a couple of stories I would just like to mention tonight. 
When I came to Congress, there had been no real recognition of Shirley 
Chisolm, and I decided to introduce a resolution to honor her. I called 
her from right back there, the Cloakroom, and, of course, the 
resolution was on suspension. On suspension, of course, the first night 
we come back into session, there weren't very many Members here, but 
there were maybe two or three Democrats and maybe one or two 
Republicans.
  Connie Morelli from Maryland was on the floor to speak on behalf of 
the resolution. As I was talking to Shirley, I told her to turn on C-
SPAN to watch it. She was very upset.
  She said: Barbara, where are the Republicans?
  She said: I worked very closely with the Republicans constantly. 
Nobody is there.
  I said: Shirley, you remember that on suspension votes, this is the 
first night we are coming back, and believe you me, Republicans are 
supporting this resolution.

                              {time}  1945

  She was pretty antsy and upset about that, so I pulled it from 
suspension that night--it was the first and probably the only bill I 
have ever pulled from suspension--and called for a recorded vote. At 
the recorded vote, all green lights came up. There wasn't one red 
light, so I ran back and talked to her.
  I said: Okay, Shirley, now look. Look at that board. Not one 
Republican voted ``no.''
  She was relieved. I mean, that is just how serious she took her 
bipartisan work. She was so happy to see everybody voting on her 
behalf, remembering her legacy that night.
  Another story that I think is very important for all of us to 
remember is, as the public comes into the Capitol, they see this 
beautiful portrait of Shirley in the hall, and a young African-American 
artist from Compton, California, painted that.
  I thank Speaker Emerita Nancy Pelosi and the late Congresswoman 
Juanita Millender-McDonald from California, who was the chair of the 
House Administration Committee. They fought like you would not believe 
to get this portrait authorized and appropriated and painted.
  I take this moment to remember Juanita Millender-McDonald tonight 
because there is no way we would have had that portrait had she not 
been chair of that House Administration Committee, and our Speaker 
leading the Democrats and working with Juanita to make that happen.
  Of course, to my Delta sisters here: Remember that day when we 
unveiled the portrait. There were many, many Delta members, and her 
sorors were there the day we unveiled that picture.
  Fast forward to the postal stamp. Everything has been very difficult. 
If you are a woman, a woman of color, sometimes everything gets a 
little challenging. We tried to have Shirley Chisholm's legacy 
memorialized in a postal stamp.
  I introduced the legislation. It had to be bipartisan. We received 
the bipartisan support. Then, after about 5

[[Page H6285]]

years, I was told I couldn't do it. To have a postal stamp in someone's 
honor, you have to wait 10 years until after they pass. I was never 
told that upfront, so we had to start all over again, but we finally 
got it done.
  If you don't have one of the Shirley Chisholm legacy historical 
stamps, please try to get the Postal Service to get you one because 
they are beautiful stamps, and they really exemplify her beauty and her 
strength.
  Finally, I will say one personal thing about Shirley because she was 
the catalyst for my career in public service.
  When I met her, I was a student at Mills College. Like so many young 
people today, I was intentionally, mind you--intentionally disconnected 
with the political system. It wasn't that I was apathetic. It wasn't 
that I didn't understand what was going on. It was that I did not 
believe that it worked for me, a young Black mother raising two 
children on her own on public assistance. I was very active. I was 
president of the Black student union.
  When I met and spoke with Shirley, she took me to task. She called me 
Little Girl until the day she died. I was 26 then.
  She said: Little Girl, you are not registered to vote?
  I said: No, ma'am.
  She said: Why not?
  I told her why not. I said I didn't believe in politics. It just 
wasn't working for me.
  Finally, she convinced me that I needed to get involved, and I ended 
up, bottom line, organizing her northern California Presidential 
primary out of my Mills College class with two students, Sandre Swanson 
and Sandy Gaines.
  I went on to Miami as a Shirley Chisholm delegate, where I met Mr. 
Clyburn, and the rest is history. I got an A in the class, actually. I 
was going to flunk that class because part of the work was to do field 
work, and I was refusing to work in the guy's campaigns.
  I say that it is important to remember that she flipped the script, 
and she left the indelible legacy on American politics, all while 
holding the door open for the rest of us to step through. Throughout 
her life, she did remain unbought and unbossed.
  Hopefully, this week, the House and the Senate will finally honor her 
with the Congressional Gold Medal. She deserves it, and I thank the CBC 
and the gentlewoman again for her leadership and for giving us a chance 
to really salute our Heavenly sister, Shirley Chisholm.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman 
from Ohio (Mrs. Beatty).
  Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my CBC colleagues and anchors for 
tonight's Special Order hour.
  Mr. Speaker, I rise today, as many of my colleagues have done, to 
celebrate the 100th birthday of a titan of American democracy, Shirley 
Anita Chisholm.
  Born 100 years ago, as we have heard, Shirley Chisholm shattered 
barriers as the first Black woman elected to Congress and the first 
Black woman to serve on the House Rules Committee.
  She was fearless, fighting for equity, early childhood education, 
labor protections, domestic workers, and programs like SNAP and WIC, 
Mr. Speaker, that we are still fighting for today. During this very 
Congress, we are debating something that she has left us a legacy with. 
Maybe we should go back in time and revisit what she did for our farm 
bill.
  Her advocacy also inspired Title IX, the Equal Rights Amendment, and 
generations of women to lead in boardrooms, classrooms, and right here 
in these Chambers.
  She did not stop there. In 1972, she stood before America and 
declared her candidacy for President, not for the glory of winning, but 
to make room at the table for those silenced too long.
  Mr. Speaker, it thrives in every Black person who refuses to wait 
their turn and every leader who prioritizes people over politics. I can 
tell you as chair emerita of the Congressional Black Caucus, the body 
that she cofounded with 12 other Black men, I stand on her shoulders. 
The Congressional Black Caucus stands on her shoulders. I might go as 
far as saying America stands on her shoulders.

  Little girls come and tour the United States Capitol, and they see 
that painting, the same painting, Mr. Speaker, that, on the day I was 
sworn in on this floor, I went to and touched the frame and said the 
two most powerful words we can say: Thank you, Shirley Chisholm.
  Now I stand here in this room, in this Chamber, where Shirley 
Chisholm stood. I am so proud, as we heard my colleague, Barbara Lee, 
say, yes, she was a proud member of our beloved sorority, Delta Sigma 
Theta Sorority. Today, I serve with eight Black women who are members 
of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, many of them in this Chamber right now.
  I leave us with her words, and whether this Nation acknowledges her 
words, they stand strong with not just us as Black women, but White and 
Brown women; stand with little girls who she told: If they don't give 
you a seat at the table, bring a folding chair.
  The significance of that is so valuable because it is talking about 
how we have been denied to be at that table. If you are not in the 
room, you don't have a voice. Shirley Chisholm gave us that voice.
  Mr. Speaker, today, I thank my colleagues of the Congressional Black 
Caucus for allowing us to be in her chambers, stand in her footsteps, 
and make a commitment and a pledge that we will always have a seat at 
the table because we will bring a chair.
  I thank my colleagues for holding this Special Order hour.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman 
from New Jersey (Mrs. Watson Coleman).
  Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from the 
Congressional Black Caucus for taking this time to acknowledge this 
champion.
  Today, I rise in recognition of the late Shirley Chisholm, who was 
born 100 years ago last Wednesday. A child of immigrants raised in 
Brooklyn, Shirley Chisholm would go on to become the first Black woman 
elected to Congress and the first woman ever to seek the nomination for 
President from either major American political party.
  The values she championed throughout her career still serve as noble 
guiding principles for us all today. She ran unequivocally, 
unashamedly, and unreservedly on antipoverty, antiwar, and antiracist 
platforms. She spoke plainly, forcefully, and with a moral clarity that 
cut through the smoke-filled rooms where men made deals for us on 
behalf of themselves.
  Now maybe more than ever, our country is in need of the strength of a 
Shirley Chisholm. As I close, I will say everyone has a Shirley 
Chisholm story, and I thank God I have one, too.
  I spent the day with her talking about the building of the 
Congressional Caucus on Black Women. She asked me--no. She said to me: 
Bonnie, I need you down here in D.C. to work with us on the national 
level. Little did we know what God has prepared for you.
  I am because she was. I am grateful to God.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman 
from Ohio (Ms. Brown).
  Ms. BROWN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for pulling the CBC 
together for this Special Order hour along with the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. Jackson).
  I am honored to join my CBC colleagues in recognition of the 100th 
birthday of the great Shirley Chisholm here in the House Chamber.
  It is so appropriate that we are here because this is one of the 
places where Shirley made history. On January 3, 1969, she was the 
first Black woman to walk into this Chamber as a Member of Congress. 
That was the 91st Congress of the United States, meaning that the first 
90 Congresses, dating back to 1789, had not featured a Black woman.
  Of course, most Congresses had not featured many women or many Black 
Representatives at all. In fact, the same day that Congresswoman 
Chisholm was sworn in, my predecessor, representing northeast Ohio, the 
Honorable Louis Stokes, another founding member of the CBC, also took 
office, being the first Black Member of Congress from Ohio after 166 
years of statehood.
  That is why I have so much pride when I look at my colleagues because 
we are here now, and it started with Shirley Chisholm.
  Shirley Chisholm served, legislated, and lived like she was making up 
for

[[Page H6286]]

lost time, making up for all the times that people like her had been 
shut out of the conversation or left out of the room. That is why her 
legacy is so strong today.
  She wasn't just a first. She wasn't just a historical footnote. She 
was a fighter. Shirley Chisholm was someone who came here on day one 
and demanded to be heard and demanded that her constituents be heard. 
She fought, unbought and unbossed, for the nutrition benefits, for 
people in need, for childcare, for universal healthcare, and for 
justice for Black women and Black Americans and all people in this 
country.
  These fights are not over. As we head into a new Congress next year 
along with a new President, it is clear that many of these same battles 
will be fought anew.
  Therefore, as we celebrate Congresswoman Chisholm's 100th birthday, 
let us all draw strength from her example and the courage to carry on 
her legacy.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman 
from California (Ms. Kamlager-Dove).

                              {time}  2000

  Ms. KAMLAGER-DOVE. Mr. Speaker, I give thanks and appreciation to the 
gentlewoman from Florida for holding it down during this Special Order 
hour for the CBC, and I thank the gentleman from Illinois for doing the 
same.
  Mr. Speaker, today, we stand on the shoulders of a giant, a giant who 
stood just 5 feet 3 inches tall but had the power to shake the Nation.
  Shirley Chisholm wasn't just the first Black woman elected to 
Congress. She was a force of nature who shattered barriers and dared 
anyone to stop her. Spoiler alert: They couldn't.
  In a world that told her no at every turn, Shirley said: Watch me. 
Watch me.
  She ran for Congress. She won. She became the first Black woman to 
serve in this very body, a body that, let's be clear, wasn't exactly 
rolling out the red carpet and still kind of doesn't.
  Did that stop her? Absolutely not. She showed up, took her seat, and 
if there wasn't a seat, Shirley brought her own folding chair, slammed 
it down, and said: Let's get to work.
  She made history. Along the way, she didn't just break the rules; she 
rewrote them. She fought for civil rights, women's rights, and economic 
justice. She did it all without ever compromising who she was or in 
what she believed.
  Shirley didn't come to Congress to blend in. She came to lead, to 
challenge, and to remind the world that power belongs to those bold 
enough to claim it.
  And lead she did, fearlessly, unapologetically, and always with her 
eyes on a better and more just future.
  Her campaign slogan, Unbought and Unbossed, wasn't just a catchy 
phrase; it was her truth. In a world that told her to ``wait your 
turn,'' she declared: My turn is right now.
  When she ran for President, she didn't just run to win. She ran to 
pave the way for the rest of us. Her courage made it possible for 
people like me, for people like all of us in CBC, to serve. Her voice 
ensured that our voices would one day be heard. Her fierce advocacy for 
women, Black Americans, and the marginalized taught us a vital lesson: 
If they won't give you power, you take it.
  In my office, where her portrait graces the walls, I am reminded 
daily that it is not enough to be in the room. You must shake it. You 
must demand justice. Most importantly, you must never let anyone tell 
you to wait your turn.
  As Shirley said: If they don't give you a seat at the table, bring a 
folding chair.
  I thank Madam Shirley Chisholm. We got our chairs, and we are just 
getting started.
  Many of the women here shared their story. I don't have a story 
because I am too young, but I will tell you, in my home, Shirley 
Chisholm was a legend. To be in the same Chamber where she stood, where 
she fought, where she won, where she declared that we deserve to be 
here, it is an awesome experience and feeling every single time we are 
here to know we have shared the same space with the great, the 
legendary, the most powerful, Shirley Chisholm.
  It is why her photos are on all of my walls in the office because I 
want everyone, when they come to see me, I want them also to see her.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank Shirley Chisholm for her honor, and we carry her 
legacy forward: Unbought, unbossed, and unstoppable.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman 
from Virginia (Ms. McClellan).
  Ms. McCLELLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the incredible 
life and legacy of Shirley Chisholm, whose 100th birthday we celebrated 
over the weekend.
  Unbought and unbossed, Shirley was the first Black woman to serve in 
this body, a body that was not built for her. She swore an oath to 
support and defend the U.S. Constitution, a document that did not 
include her in we the people.
  In the year of my birth, she became the first Black woman to run for 
President of the United States. Her bravery and determination broke 
barriers and paved the way for so many Black women in politics, 
including myself, saying: ``If they don't give you a seat at the table, 
bring a folding chair.''
  As the first Black woman elected to represent the Commonwealth of 
Virginia, elected 55 years after her historic election, I stand on her 
shoulders.
  Sometimes, sitting in my office, I look at her portrait that is also 
on my wall and reflect on the fact that, in many ways, I and the other 
31 Black Members of Congress today are fighting many of the same fights 
that she fought. She had to fight them alone.
  We fight to include women in the Constitution through the equal 
rights amendment still today. We fight to feed the hungry through the 
SNAP program still today. We fight to extend worker protections that 
most people take for granted, like minimum wage for domestic workers, 
still today. We fight those fights from a position of more power than 
she could have dreamed of because of her.
  She left us a legacy to build on. Today, the entire Congressional 
Black Caucus, but especially the 32 women, are grateful to Shirley 
Chisholm for her incredible service and countless contributions to our 
Nation.
  We will continue to build on the progress and momentum that Shirley 
created until we no longer have to bring a folding chair, but the table 
is big enough to include everyone touched by the policies we adopt in 
this body.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Mrs. Lee Carter), who is the daughter of Sheila Jackson 
Lee, for the first time.
  Mrs. LEE CARTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 
incredible legacy of an iconic American trailblazer and a tireless 
advocate for justice, the Honorable Shirley Anita Chisholm.
  I thank the gentlewoman from Florida, the gentleman from Illinois, 
and, of course, the members of the Congressional Black Caucus for 
hosting this Special Order hour in honor of this indelible and 
phenomenal woman, one of many firsts.

  I am so proud of Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, who shattered 
barriers when she became the first Black woman elected to the United 
States Congress in 1968. Her historic election wasn't just a victory 
for her district. It was a victory for all of us, and I stand here with 
humility, thinking that I am walking and standing in the same Chamber 
in which she stood.
  It was a powerful affirmation that the Halls of the most powerful 
democracy should belong to everyone regardless of race, gender, or 
background. She forged new pathways for Black women like me, my 
daughter, and all those who came after her. She set a tone in politics 
demanding inclusivity and diversity by unapologetically challenging 
systemic racism, sexism, and corruption.
  During her seven impactful terms in the U.S. House of 
Representatives, she championed causes often overlooked by standing up 
for marginalized communities, women, children, and the working class.
  In 1972, when she broke yet another barrier, becoming the first Black 
woman to seek the Presidential nomination of a major political party, 
her bold and visionary candidacy challenged the status quo and 
redefined what leadership in America could look like.
  She was an incredible inspiration to my late mother, Congresswoman 
Sheila Jackson Lee, and she was one of her

[[Page H6287]]

most revered sheroes. She spoke of her often.
  Much like Chisholm, Congresswoman Jackson Lee worked tirelessly for 
the people, advocating for her district's most pressing issues, from 
education to healthcare, affordable housing, and job creation.
  Mr. Speaker, I am so proud and look forward to supporting and voting 
for the Shirley Chisholm Congressional Gold Medal Act, which will honor 
her trailblazing career and outstanding contributions to our Nation 
and, might I say, our world.
  When asked about her own legacy, Chisholm once stated, ``I want to be 
remembered as a woman . . . who dared to be a catalyst for change.''
  Indeed, she was what she dared so boldly to be, and we are grateful 
to her for that.
  Today, I thank her for her courage, her strength, her resilience, and 
her steadfast commitment to justice and fairness.
  As a mother, former educator, and now Congresswoman myself, standing 
in the very Halls she hailed, I give special thanks to her for always 
standing up and speaking up for the power that we all possess.
  Let us celebrate and honor her legacy by recommitting ourselves to be 
catalysts for change, not only in our communities, but in this hallowed 
Chamber and across our Nation.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the time 
remaining.
  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Florida has 16 minutes 
remaining.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I 
may consume.
  Mr. Speaker, in continuance of honoring the life and legacy of 
Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, I wish to highlight her unflinching 
devotion to the American people.
  No matter how daunting it was or had seemed to onlookers to be the 
first and only Black woman in Congress, Congresswoman Chisholm 
rightfully earned the nickname ``Fighting Shirley'' for her 
determination in empowering underserved communities.
  She fought hard and fast for the least represented in the United 
States, introduced over 50 pieces of legislation geared toward reviving 
her constituents and the Nation's, and relieving them of injustice.
  She was regarded as being deeply in touch with the Nation as she 
advocated for policies that uplifted citizens out of poverty and 
empowered them through job training and education. She advocated for 
our veterans and introduced legislation to increase their benefits so 
that those who served our country would not suffer from inflation.
  Her determination to create a nation where every American could 
succeed lives through us all. Let us continue to honor her legacy by 
continuing the fight to deliver justice for the American people.
  It is my honor to be here today serving in the CBC. Because of 
Shirley Chisholm we women are here today. The CBC has over 31 women who 
are in Congress today, increasing in the next Congress. We are here 
today, each one of us, holding a piece of Shirley Chisholm, hoping to 
actually fulfill her dream of one day pushing this Nation forward, 
where all of our children and the American people can live together in 
a city and in every nation where we have equality, justice, and a clear 
education for everyone.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Jackson), my 
co-chair.
  Mr. JACKSON of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congresswoman from 
the great State of Florida for yielding.
  Mr. Speaker, the Honorable John James of the great State of Michigan, 
it is my privilege and pleasure to stand before you today to speak on 
behalf of the Honorable Shirley Chisholm, a woman who has come from 
such depths to such heights that everyone should be reminded of her 
greatness and the trail that she had to blaze. She had no path to find. 
She had to, indeed, blaze a trail.
  If you think about it, since 1789 to 1969, after 180 years, it was 
the first time an African-American woman was able to be called a 
Representative.
  African-American women have been at the bedrock, the foundation, of 
this Nation and oftentimes had gone without recognition. Think about 
the indignities that women have experienced in the past and in the 
present.
  We are still fighting the same fights for dignity, for a woman to 
have rights over her body.
  Now, the corridors are filled with so many men who have had 
transgressions against women. I thought those fights were behind us, 
but we are still fighting for a woman to be believed in these same 
corridors.
  Think about it. It wasn't until 1993 that female Senators actually 
had a place to give their bodies comfort because there was no restroom 
off of the Senate floor. We have come a long way, but we have so much 
further to go.

  It was only in 2011, not that long ago, that they finally built 
restrooms off of this House floor on the second floor so that women 
could relieve their bodies.
  We have a very long way to go to understanding the issues that they 
face, the believability that they should be given the assumption of, as 
now people are seeking nomination and are still being hurled with these 
accusations because they won't give women a fair voice.
  Mr. Speaker, I am thankful for the lovely legacy of the Honorable 
Shirley Chisholm. If you can imagine, being born in 1924 at the height 
of lynching in the United States of America, but something did not put 
out that burning fire inside of her soul that she would have the 
audacity, the unmitigated gall, to want to be President of these United 
States, to know that she, indeed, could serve. From that was a spark 
that could not be quenched out, a flame that has lit so many other 
women. I say thank God for her.
  As we commemorate, as we hold aside a special time to remember a 
woman who was a trailblazer, let's remember that she didn't follow a 
path. There was no path for her to follow. She has since laid a path so 
that so many others could matriculate and ascend to the height of their 
full potential.
  It is at this time, Mr. Speaker, the Honorable Congressman  John 
James, that I will turn this back over to my colleague, the Honorable 
Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick, from the great State of Florida.

                              {time}  2015

  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I thank Jonathan Jackson for 
that passionate speech.
  Mr. Speaker, today we recognize Shirley Chisholm's tireless 
commitment to justice and equal opportunity.
  During her time in office, Congresswoman Chisholm consistently fought 
against racial discrimination and systemic inequalities endured by all 
African Americans. She was a vocal supporter of the Voting Rights Act 
of 1965 and the Fair Housing Act of 1968, working to create an America 
where everyone could thrive regardless of race.
  She was a trailblazer who fought for the inclusion of women and 
African Americans in positions of power. Her election to Congress 
inspired generations of Black women, showing them that they, too, could 
hold public office.
  Shirley Chisholm has a special place in my heart, being a Caribbean 
woman born in Brooklyn, raised in Queens, and later moved to Florida. 
Seeing her do that inspired all women to know that was possible. Today 
in Congress, we proudly stand 31 strong Black women, and we are about 
to welcome the highest number of Black women in history for the 119th 
Congress.
  Congresswoman Chisholm advocated for economic opportunities for 
marginalized communities, believing economic mobility was key for 
empowering African Americans and building a strong America. Her 
tireless commitment to underserved communities is still inspiring 
today.
  As we honor Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, we must continue to 
uphold her values and strive to create the America she envisioned.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee).
  Ms. LEE of California. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to add another 
dimension to this discussion regarding Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm. 
Her parents were from the Caribbean. Her father was from Guyana and her 
mother was from Barbados. Congresswoman Chisholm grew up in Barbados, 
even though she was born in New York.
  She had a very profound world view. She understood we all were 
connected to each other. Very recently, in honor

[[Page H6288]]

of her 100th birthday, for the very first time an American's portrait 
was unveiled in the Parliament of Barbados. This is a significant 
historical fact for all of us to remember.
  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman again for giving us a chance to 
lift her spirit up tonight. I wish a happy heavenly 100th birthday to 
Shirley Chisholm.
  Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, before we close, I once again 
recognize Barbara Lee for all her hard work in Congress. It is so 
fitting that we celebrate 100 years of Shirley Chisholm and have 
Barbara Lee with us. She will be sorely missed. I know Shirley Chisholm 
is looking down right now and is so proud of Barbara.
  Because of Barbara Lee and her mentorship, we have a sisterhood in 
Congress with the CBC women, a sisterhood, a bond that can't be broken. 
I thank Barbara Lee for her mentorship, her sisterhood, for everything 
she has done.
  I can't help but think that Shirley Chisholm is looking down at all 
of us and saying how proud she is that we have gotten here. We have a 
lot of work to do. What she started has to be finished, I hope by our 
generation, by working together and all of us recognizing her hard work 
on both sides.
  Mr. Speaker, you have heard from my distinguished colleagues about 
Ms. Shirley Chisholm, all issues of great importance to the 
Congressional Black Caucus, our constituents, Congress, and all 
Americans.
  I yield back the balance of my time.

                          ____________________








[Page H6288]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              ADJOURNMENT

  Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn.
  The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o'clock and 24 minutes 
p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, 
Wednesday, December 4, 2024, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate.

                          ____________________








[Page H6288]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 SETTING STUDENTS UP FOR CAREER SUCCESS

  The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker's announced policy of 
January 9, 2023, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. Foxx) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader.
  Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, for decades, Americans have been sold the line 
that a college degree is a prerequisite to success and economic 
mobility. This can be discouraging to the vast majority of the American 
workforce without a baccalaureate degree.
  However, study after study shows that this narrative no longer holds 
true. In the face of rising college costs, a new model for stability 
and success is available. It celebrates hands-on job experience.
  A new study of 65 million American wage earners by The Burning Glass 
Institute, an independent nonprofit research center, found that by the 
age of 40, one in five workers with only a high school diploma earned 
above the median income for college graduates--$70,000--without the 
drag-down effect of a college degree.
  Even more impressive is the nonprofit's finding that 5 percent of 
them, a cool 2 million Americans, earned six-figure salaries.
  How did they get started on these successful careers?
  One factor is what Burning Glass calls launchpad jobs. These jobs 
give high school students and graduates real-world, wage-earning 
experience that develop skills they can build careers upon. The jobs 
are widely varied: telemarketer, computer support specialist, software 
developer, flight attendant, commercial diver, and quarry rock 
splitter. They all offer this new route to success.
  A recent New York Times article profiled two young people whose 
success is indicative of the value of these launchpad jobs.
  One young man worked a summer internship at a local bank the summer 
after his high school graduation. This earned him a place as a full-
time bank teller and soon a loan officer. Now, at the age of 21, he 
earns $50,000 a year--with no college debt, mind you.
  These launchpad jobs are not antithetical to college, either. That 
21-year-old bank teller is currently getting his bachelor of arts while 
working as a loan officer. His job is helping him build the life he 
wants.
  One huge problem with college is that it pushes young people to study 
and choose a major when they have no real-world experience that would 
guide their choice of what and how to study. These launchpad jobs can 
address this obstacle.
  A young woman who participated in a career learning program in her 
junior year in high school received experience that qualified her for a 
job at a local pharmacy during her senior year. When she graduated high 
school, she had a high-earning job that she used to put herself through 
undergraduate school and beyond, ultimately earning a doctorate in a 
field she knew from firsthand experience she loved and was good at.
  At 28 years old, she now earns $100,000 a year as a pharmacy 
operations manager at a teaching hospital. She credits her success to 
so-called launchpad programs. She said: I never would have known of the 
opportunity without the work-study program.
  If we want to strengthen the American workforce and help young wage 
earners achieve economic stability and success, we need to stop 
shunting them into an education model that saddles them with debt and 
delays their real-world experience. Instead, we need to empower 
programs that offer high school students experiences that help develop 
real skills and launch young Americans into successful careers.
  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.

                          ____________________








[Pages H6288-H6290]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




         EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL

  Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized 
for Official Foreign Travel during the third and fourth quarters of 
2024, pursuant to Public Law 95-384, are as follows:

                                             REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOHN NOH, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 4 AND OCT. 12, 2024
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Date                                           Per diem \1\             Transportation            Other purposes                 Total
                                        ----------------------                           -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                       U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar
       Name of Member or employee                                       Country             Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent
                                          Arrival   Departure                               currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.
                                                                                                         currency                  currency                  currency                  currency
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\2\-----------------------\2\-----------------------\2\-----------------------\2\----
John Noh...............................    10/04       10/12   FSM, RMI.................  ...........       347.00  ...........     9,051.01  ...........       819.90  ...........    10,217.91
                                                                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Committee total..................  ........  ..........   -.......................  ...........       347.00  ...........     9,051.01  ...........       819.90  ...........    10,217.91
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\1\ Per diem constitutes lodging and meals.
\2\ If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended.
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR, Nov. 26, 2024.


[[Page H6289]]


                                           REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, BEN NAPIER, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 21 AND OCT. 27, 2024
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Date                                           Per diem \1\             Transportation            Other purposes                 Total
                                        ----------------------                           -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                       U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar
       Name of Member or employee                                       Country             Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent
                                          Arrival   Departure                               currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.
                                                                                                         currency                  currency                  currency                  currency
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\2\-----------------------\2\-----------------------\2\-----------------------\2\----
Ben Napier.............................    10/21       10/22   Jordan...................  ...........       346.00  ...........     4,588.90  ...........  ...........  ...........     4,934.90
Ben Napier.............................    10/22       10/27   Turkey...................  ...........     2,248.00  ...........     5,384.83  ...........  ...........  ...........     7,632.83
                                                                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Committee total..................  ........  ..........  .........................  ...........     2,594.00  ...........     9,973.73  ...........  ...........  ...........    12,567.73
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\1\ Per diem constitutes lodging and meals.
\2\ If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended.
HON. MIKE JOHNSON, Nov. 20, 2024.


                                REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CROATIA AND AUSTRIA, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 12 AND OCT. 20, 2024
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Date                                           Per diem \1\             Transportation            Other purposes                 Total
                                        ----------------------                           -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                       U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar
       Name of Member or employee                                       Country             Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent
                                          Arrival   Departure                               currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.
                                                                                                         currency                  currency                  currency                  currency
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\2\-----------------------\2\-----------------------\2\-----------------------\2\----
Yvette Wissman.........................    10/12       10/15   Croatia..................  ...........       802.92  ...........     6,510.50  ...........  ...........  ...........     7,313.42
Emily Ackerman.........................    10/12       10/15   Croatia..................  ...........       802.92  ...........     6,510.50  ...........  ...........  ...........     7,313.42
Lori Ismail............................    10/12       10/15   Croatia..................  ...........       802.92  ...........     6,510.50  ...........  ...........  ...........     7,313.42
Ray Salazar............................    10/12       10/15   Croatia..................  ...........       802.92  ...........     6,510.50  ...........  ...........  ...........     7,313.42
Anne Gooch.............................    10/12       10/15   Croatia..................  ...........       714.55  ...........     6,510.50  ...........  ...........  ...........     7,225.05
Yvette Wissman.........................    10/15       10/20   Austria..................  ...........     2,172.39  ...........     1,488.01  ...........  ...........  ...........     3,660.40
Emily Ackerman.........................    10/15       10/20   Austria..................  ...........     2,172.39  ...........     1,488.01  ...........  ...........  ...........     3,660.40
Lori Ismail............................    10/15       10/20   Austria..................  ...........     2,172.39  ...........     3,200.10  ...........  ...........  ...........     5,372.49
Ray Salazar............................    10/15       10/20   Austria..................  ...........     2,172.39  ...........     1,488.01  ...........  ...........  ...........     3,660.40
Anne Gooch.............................    10/15       10/20   Austria..................  ...........     2,172.39  ...........     1,488.01  ...........  ...........  ...........     3,660.40
                                                                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Committee total..................  ........  ..........  .........................  ...........    14,788.18  ...........    41,704.64  ...........  ...........  ...........    56,492.82
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\1\ Per diem constitutes lodging and meals.
\2\ If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended.
HON. MIKE JOHNSON, Nov. 12, 2024.


                             REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 15 AND OCT. 22, 2024
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Date                                           Per diem \1\             Transportation            Other purposes                 Total
                                        ----------------------                           -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                       U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar
       Name of Member or employee                                       Country             Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent
                                          Arrival   Departure                               currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.
                                                                                                         currency                  currency                  currency                  currency
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\2\-----------------------\2\-----------------------\2\-----------------------\2\----
Ben Napier.............................    10/15       10/17   Australia................  ...........       875.00  ...........    13,665.21  ...........  ...........  ...........    14,540.21
Jacob Vreeburg.........................    10/15       10/17   Australia................  ...........       875.00  ...........    20,410.41  ...........  ...........  ...........    21,285.41
Jacob Vreeburg.........................    10/17       10/22   New Zealand..............  ...........     1,806.00  ...........     1,045.50  ...........  ...........  ...........     2,851.50
                                                                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Committee total..................  ........  ..........   -.......................  ...........     3,556.00  ...........    35,121.12  ...........  ...........  ...........    38,677.12
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\1\ Per diem constitutes lodging and meals.
\2\ If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended.
HON. MIKE JOHNSON, Nov. 20, 2024.


                           REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CZECHIA, ESTONIA, AND LATVIA, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 17 AND OCT. 25, 2024
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Date                                           Per diem \1\             Transportation            Other purposes                 Total
                                        ----------------------                           -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                       U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar
       Name of Member or employee                                       Country             Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent
                                          Arrival   Departure                               currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.
                                                                                                         currency                  currency                  currency                  currency
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\2\-----------------------\2\-----------------------\2\-----------------------\2\----
Hon. Gerald E. Connolly................    10/18       10/21   Czechia..................  ...........     1,310.08  ...........    11,071.01  ...........  ...........  ...........    12,381.09
Collin Davenport.......................    10/18       10/21   Czechia..................  ...........     1,310.08  ...........     1,226.21  ...........  ...........  ...........     2,536.29
Hon. Gerald E. Connolly................    10/21       10/23   Estonia..................  ...........       557.69  ...........       578.10  ...........  ...........  ...........     1,135.79
Collin Davenport.......................    10/21       10/23   Estonia..................  ...........       557.69  ...........       579.20  ...........  ...........  ...........     1,136.89
Hon. Gerald E. Connolly................    10/23       10/25   Latvia...................  ...........       574.93  ...........       545.20  ...........  ...........  ...........     1,120.13
Collin Davenport.......................    10/23       10/25   Latvia...................  ...........       574.93  ...........       546.30  ...........  ...........  ...........     1,121.22
                                                                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Committee total..................  ........  ..........  .........................  ...........     4,885.39  ...........    14,546.02  ...........  ...........  ...........    19,431.41
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\1\ Per diem constitutes lodging and meals.
\2\ If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended.
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY, Nov. 14, 2024.


                                    REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO LUXEMBOURG, EXPENDED BETWEEN NOV. 10 AND NOV. 14, 2024
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Date                                           Per diem \1\             Transportation            Other purposes                 Total
                                        ----------------------                           -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                       U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar
       Name of Member or employee                                       Country             Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent
                                          Arrival   Departure                               currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.
                                                                                                         currency                  currency                  currency                  currency
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\2\-----------------------\2\-----------------------\2\-----------------------\2\----
Meghan McCann..........................    11/10       11/14   Luxembourg...............  ...........     1,694.19  ...........     2,657.81  ...........  ...........  ...........     4,352.00
Kate Knudson Wolters...................    11/10       11/14   Luxembourg...............  ...........     1,694.19  ...........     2,657.81  ...........  ...........  ...........     4,352.00
                                                                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Committee total..................  ........  ..........  .........................  ...........     3,388.38  ...........     5,315.62  ...........  ...........  ...........     8,704.00
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\1\ Per diem constitutes lodging and meals.
\2\ If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended.
HON. MIKE JOHNSON, Nov. 20, 2024.


[[Page H6290]]


            REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2024
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Date                                           Per diem \1\             Transportation            Other purposes                 Total
                                        ----------------------                           -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                       U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar               U.S. dollar
       Name of Member or employee                                       Country             Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent    Foreign     equivalent
                                          Arrival   Departure                               currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.      currency     or U.S.
                                                                                                         currency                  currency                  currency                  currency
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\2\-----------------------\2\-----------------------\2\-----------------------\2\----
Hon. Steve Cohen.......................     7/12        7/16   Brazil...................  ...........     1,976.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........     1,976.00
                                            7/16        7/20   Argentina................  ...........     1,178.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........     1,178.10
                                            7/20        7/21   Guatemala................  ...........       214.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       214.00
Hon. Jesus G. Garcia...................     7/14        7/18   Mexico...................  ...........       865.00  ...........       374.69  ...........  ...........  ...........     1,239.69
Hon. Rick Larsen.......................     8/19        8/22   UK.......................  ...........     1,604.00  ...........     1,556.80  ...........  ...........  ...........     3,160.80
Adam Weis..............................     8/19        8/22   UK.......................  ...........     1,604.00  ...........       557.00  ...........  ...........  ...........     2,161.00
Christopher Devine.....................     8/17        8/19   Zadar, HR................  ...........       605.25  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       605.25
                                            8/19        8/20   Ankara, TK...............  ...........       349.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       349.00
                                            8/20        8/21   Istanbul, TK.............  ...........       440.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       440.00
                                            8/21        8/23   Florence, IT.............  ...........       794.26  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       794.26
Hon. Mike Ezell........................     8/17        8/19   Zadar, HR................  ...........       627.30  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       627.30
                                            8/19        8/20   Ankara, TK...............  ...........       349.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       349.00
                                            8/20        8/21   Istanbul, TK.............  ...........       440.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       440.00
                                            8/21        8/23   Florence, IT.............  ...........       873.07  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       873.07
Hon. Garret Graves.....................     8/17        8/19   Zadar, HR................  ...........       605.25  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       605.25
                                            8/19        8/20   Ankara, TK...............  ...........       349.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       349.00
                                            8/20        8/21   Istanbul, TK.............  ...........       440.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       440.00
                                            8/21        8/23   Florence, IT.............  ...........       873.07  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       873.07
Hon. Sam Graves........................     8/17        8/19   Zadar, HR................  ...........       627.30  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       627.30
                                            8/19        8/20   Ankara, TK...............  ...........       349.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       349.00
                                            8/20        8/21   Istanbul, TK.............  ...........       440.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       440.00
                                            8/21        8/23   Florence, IT.............  ...........       873.07  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       873.07
Mike Legg..............................     8/17        8/19   Zadar, HR................  ...........       605.25  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       605.25
                                            8/19        8/20   Ankara, TK...............  ...........       349.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       349.00
                                            8/20        8/21   Istanbul, TK.............  ...........       440.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       440.00
                                            8/21        8/23   Florence, IT.............  ...........       873.07  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       873.07
Hon. David Rouzer......................     8/17        8/19   Zadar, HR................  ...........       627.30  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       627.30
                                            8/19        8/20   Ankara, TK...............  ...........       349.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       349.00
                                            8/20        8/21   Istanbul, TK.............  ...........       440.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       440.00
                                            8/21        8/23   Florence, IT.............  ...........       873.07  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       873.07
Jack Ruddy.............................     8/17        8/19   Zadar, HR................  ...........       605.25  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       605.25
                                            8/19        8/20   Ankara, TK...............  ...........       349.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       349.00
                                            8/20        8/21   Istanbul, TK.............  ...........       440.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       440.00
                                            8/21        8/23   Florence, IT.............  ...........       873.07  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       873.07
Ryan Seiger............................     8/17        8/19   Zadar, HR................  ...........       605.25  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       605.25
                                            8/19        8/20   Ankara, TK...............  ...........       349.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       349.00
                                            8/20        8/21   Istanbul, TK.............  ...........       440.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       440.00
                                            8/21        8/23   Florence, IT.............  ...........       873.07  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       873.07
Abbigail Wenk..........................     8/17        8/19   Zadar, HR................  ...........       605.25  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       605.25
                                            8/19        8/20   Ankara, TK...............  ...........       349.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       349.00
                                            8/20        8/21   Istanbul, TK.............  ...........       440.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       440.00
                                            8/21        8/23   Florence, IT.............  ...........       873.07  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       873.07
Hon. Celeste Maloy.....................     8/25        8/27   Norway...................  ...........     1,465.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........     1,465.00
                                            8/27        8/29   Finland..................  ...........       910.86  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       910.86
                                            8/29        8/31   Sweden...................  ...........       891.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       891.00
Hon. Garret Graves.....................     8/25        8/28   Buenos Aires, AR.........  ...........     1,055.10  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........     1,055.10
                                            8/28        8/30   Paraguay.................  ...........       476.00  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       476.00
                                         ........  ..........  Chile....................  ...........       743.36  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........  ...........       743.36
                                                                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Committee total..................  ........  ..........  .........................  ...........    33,375.64  ...........     2,488.49  ...........  ...........  ...........    35,864.13
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\1\ Per diem constitutes lodging and meals.
\2\ If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended.
HON. SAM GRAVES, Nov. 14, 2024.



                          ____________________








[Pages H6290-H6292]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                     EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC.

   Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from 
the Speaker's table and referred as follows:

       EC-6222. A letter from the Program Analyst, OBPA, Livestock 
     and Poultry Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting 
     the Department's final rule -- Soybean Promotion and 
     Research: Adjustments to Representation on the United Soybean 
     Board [Doc. No.: AMS-LP-23-0079] received November 25, 2024, 
     pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
     251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture.
       EC-6223. A letter from the Program Analyst, Rural 
     Development, Rural Utilities Services, Department of 
     Agriculture, transmitting the Department's final rule -- 
     Policy on Audits of RUS Awardees [Docket No.: RUS-24-AGENCY-
     0033] (RIN: 0572-AC67) received November 25, 2024, pursuant 
     to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
     Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture.
       EC-6224. A letter from the Program Analyst, Rural 
     Development- Rural Housing Service, Department of 
     Agriculture, transmitting the Department's final rule -- 
     Updates to the Off-Farm Labor Housing (Off-FLH), Loan and 
     Grant Rates and Terms; Clarification of Grant Agreement 
     Terms; Announcement of Enforcement Date [Docket No.: RHS-23-
     MFH-0013] (RIN: 0575-AD36) received November 25, 2024, 
     pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
     251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services.
       EC-6225. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for 
     Legislation and Regulations, Office of Community Planning and 
     Development, Department of Housing and Urban Development, 
     transmitting the Department's final rule -- Use of Federal 
     Real Property to Assist the Homeless (RIN: 0991-AC14) 
     received November 18, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Financial Services.
       EC-6226. A letter from the President and Chair, Board of 
     Directors, Export-Import Bank of the United States, 
     transmitting a report on transactions involving exports to 
     Ethiopia, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 635(b)(3); July 31, 1945, ch. 
     341, Sec. 2 (as added by Public Law 102-266, Sec. 102); (106 
     Stat. 95); to the Committee on Financial Services.
       EC-6227. A letter from the Associate Director, Regulatory 
     Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, 
     transmitting the Agency's final rule -- National Emission 
     Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants: Lime Manufacturing 
     Plants Technology Review; Correction [EPA-HQ-OAR-2017-0015; 
     FRL-5948.2-02-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AV59) received November 26, 
     2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
     Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
     Commerce.
       EC-6228. A letter from the Associate Director, Regulatory 
     Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, 
     transmitting the Agency's final rule -- Air Plan Approval; 
     Maryland; Determination of Attainment by the Attainment Date 
     for the 2010 1-Hour Primary Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient 
     Air Quality Standard [EPA-R03-OAR-2024-0152; FRL-11858-02-R3] 
     received November 26, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
       EC-6229. A letter from the Associate Director, Regulatory 
     Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, 
     transmitting the Agency's final rule -- Air Plan Partial 
     Approval and Partial Disapproval; North Dakota; Regional Haze 
     State Implementation Plan for the Second Implementation 
     Period [EPA-R08-OAR-2023-0495; FRL-12052-02-R8] received 
     November 26, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
     Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
     Energy and Commerce.
       EC-6230. A letter from the Associate Director, Regulatory 
     Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, 
     transmitting the Agency's final rule -- Air Plan Partial 
     Approval and Partial Disapproval; Wyoming; Regional Haze Plan 
     for the Second Implementation Period [EPA-R08-OAR-2023-0489; 
     FRL-12135-02-R8] received November 26, 2024, pursuant to 5 
     U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 
     868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
       EC-6231. A letter from the Associate Director, Regulatory 
     Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, 
     transmitting

[[Page H6291]]

     the Agency's final rule -- Air Plan Partial Approval and 
     Partial Disapproval; Utah; Regional Haze State Implementation 
     Plan for the Second Implementation Period; Air Plan 
     Disapproval; Utah; Prong 4 (Visibility) for the 2015 8-Hour 
     Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPA-R08-OAR-
     2024-0389; FRL-12173-02-R8] received November 26, 2024, 
     pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
     251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
     Commerce.
       EC-6232. A letter from the Associate Director, Regulatory 
     Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, 
     transmitting the Agency's direct final rule -- Nebraska: 
     Final Approval of State Underground Storage Tank Program 
     Revisions, Codification, and Incorporation by Reference [EPA-
     R07-UST-2024-0452; FRL-12274-03-R7] received November 26, 
     2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
     Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
     Commerce.
       EC-6233. A letter from the Associate Director, Regulatory 
     Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, 
     transmitting the Agency's final rule -- Fatty acids, C16-18 
     and C18-unsatd., esters With polyethylene glycol mono-Me 
     ether in Pesticide Formulations; Tolerance Exemption [EPA-HQ-
     OPP-2023-0368; FRL-12393-01-OCSPP] received November 26, 
     2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
     Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
     Commerce.
       EC-6234. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, Office of 
     Legislation, Regulation, and Energy Efficiency, Department of 
     Energy, transmitting the Department's final rule -- 
     Department of Energy Acquisition Regulation (DEAR) (RIN: 
     1991-AC17) received November 25, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
       EC-6235. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for 
     Legislation, Regulation, and Energy Efficiency, Grid 
     Deployment Office, Department of Energy, transmitting the 
     Department's final rule -- Civil Nuclear Credit Program and 
     Recapture of Credits (RIN: 1901-AB57) received November 25, 
     2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
     Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
     Commerce.
       EC-6236. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for 
     Legislation, Regulation, and Energy Efficiency, Department of 
     Energy, transmitting the Department's final rule -- Energy 
     Conservation Program for Appliance Standards: Certification 
     Requirements, Labeling Requirements, and Enforcement 
     Provisions for Certain Consumer Products and Commercial 
     Equipment [EERE-2023-BT-CE-0001] (RIN: 1904-AF48) received 
     November 25, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
     Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
     Energy and Commerce.
       EC-6237. A letter from the Regulations Coordinator, 
     National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and Human 
     Services, transmitting the Department's final rule -- 
     National Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities 
     Research Endowment Programs [Docket No.: NIH-2022-0001] (RIN: 
     0925-AA70) received November 26, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
       EC-6238. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management 
     Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the 
     Agency's final rule -- Guideline on Air Quality Models; 
     Enhancements to the AERMOD Dispersion Modeling System [EPA-
     HQ-OAR-2022-0872; FRL-10391-02-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AV92) received 
     November 21, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
     Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
     Energy and Commerce.
       EC-6239. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management 
     Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the 
     Agency's final rule -- Air Plan Approval; California; Mojave 
     Desert Air Quality Management District [EPA-R09-OAR-20204-
     0209; FRL-11948-02-R9] received November 21, 2024, pursuant 
     to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
     Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
       EC-6240. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management 
     Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the 
     Agency's direct final action -- Excess Emissions During 
     Periods of Startup, Shutdown, and Malfunction; Partial 
     Withdrawals of Findings of Failure To Submit State 
     Implementation Plan (SIP) [EPA-HQ-OAR-2021-0863; EPA-R03-OAR-
     2023-0179; FRL-12161-02-OAR] received November 21, 2024, 
     pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
     251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
     Commerce.
       EC-6241. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management 
     Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the 
     Agency's direct final rule -- North Carolina: Final Approval 
     of State Underground Storage Tank Program Revisions, 
     Codification, and Incorporation by Reference; Correction 
     [EPA-R04-UST-2024-0279; FRL-12181-03-R4] received November 
     21, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-
     121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy 
     and Commerce.
       EC-6242. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management 
     Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the 
     Agency's final rule -- Various Fragrance Components in 
     Pesticide Formulations; Tolerance Exemption [EPA-HQ-OPP-2021-
     0308; FRL-12327-01-OCSPP] received November 21, 2024, 
     pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
     251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and 
     Commerce.
       EC-6243. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the 
     Treasury, transmitting a six-month periodic report on the 
     national emergency with respect to serious human rights abuse 
     and corruption that was declared in Executive Order 13818 of 
     December 20, 2017, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 
     94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); 
     Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the 
     Committee on Foreign Affairs.
       EC-6244. A letter from the Congressional and Public Affairs 
     Specialist, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of 
     Commerce, transmitting the Department's final rule -- Export 
     Administration Regulations: Removal of License Requirements 
     for Certain Spacecraft and Related Items for Australia, 
     Canada, and the United Kingdom [Docket No.: 241004-0263] 
     (RIN: 0694-AJ85) received November 18, 2024, pursuant to 5 
     U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 
     868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
       EC-6245. A letter from the Congressional and Public Affairs 
     Specialist, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of 
     Commerce, transmitting the Department's final rule -- 
     Addition of Entities, Revision of an Entry, and Removal of 
     Entries on the Entity List [Docket No.: 241010-0270] (RIN: 
     0694-AJ80) received November 18, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
       EC-6246. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of 
     Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a 
     Determination on Imposition and Waiver of Sanctions under 
     Sections 603 and 604 of the Foreign Relations Authorization 
     Act, Fiscal Year 2003; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
       EC-6247. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of 
     Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a 
     Determination on the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) 
     Commitments Compliance Act of 1999; to the Committee on 
     Foreign Affairs.
       EC-6248. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of 
     Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a 
     Memorandum of Justification for the exercise of authority 
     under section 614 (a)(1) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 
     1961 to provide assistance to Ukraine; to the Committee on 
     Foreign Affairs.
       EC-6249. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of 
     Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting 
     Transmittal No. DDTC 24-068 Certification of Proposed 
     Issuance of an Export License Pursuant to Sec 36(c) of the 
     Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
       EC-6250. A letter from the Secretary, Department of 
     Agriculture, transmitting the Department's FY 2024 Agency 
     Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public 
     Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-
     289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6251. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for 
     Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, 
     transmitting the Department's Fiscal Year 2024 Agency 
     Financial Report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
     Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6252. A letter from the Acting Chief Financial Officer, 
     Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the 
     Department's Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2024, 
     pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 
     303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 
     Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and 
     Accountability.
       EC-6253. A letter from the Deputy Chief Financial Officer, 
     Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department's 
     Fiscal Year 2024 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 
     U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as 
     amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); 
     to the Committee on Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6254. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief 
     Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting 
     he Administration's Office of Inspector General Semiannual 
     Report to Congress covering the period of April 1, 2024, 
     through September 30, 2024 along with the Administration's 
     management report for the same period; to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6255. A letter from the Chairman and Chief Executive and 
     Administrative Officer, Federal Labor Relations Authority, 
     transmitting the Authority's Performance and Accountability 
     Report for Fiscal Year 2024, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 
     3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by 
     Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the 
     Committee on Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6256. A letter from the Administrator, General Services 
     Administration, transmitting the Administration's Agency 
     Financial Report for FY 2024, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 
     3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by 
     Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the 
     Committee on Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6257. A letter from the Treasurer, National Gallery of 
     Art, transmitting the National Gallery of Art's Inspector 
     General Act of 1978 (IG Act) report for FY 2024, pursuant to 
     31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as 
     amended by Public Law 107-

[[Page H6292]]

     289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6258. A letter from the Director, National Science 
     Foundation, transmitting the Foundation's Agency Financial 
     Report for FY 2024, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public 
     Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-
     289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6259. A letter from the Director, Office of Management 
     and Budget, transmitting the Office's memorandum -- Advancing 
     the Responsible Acquisition of Artificial Intelligence in 
     Government [M-24-18] received November 1, 2024, pursuant to 5 
     U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 
     868); to the Committee on Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6260. A letter from the Chairman, U.S. Merit Systems 
     Protection Board, transmitting the Board's FY 2024 Agency 
     Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public 
     Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-
     289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on 
     Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6261. A letter from the Chairman, U.S. Merit Systems 
     Protection Board, transmitting a report pursuant to the 
     Inspector General Act for Fiscal Year 2024, pursuant to 5 
     U.S.C. 415(h)(2); Added by Public Law 117-263, Sec. 3(b); 
     (136 Stat. 4242) and 5 U.S.C. 4103 note; Public Law 117-348, 
     Sec. 122(e); (136 Stat. 6218); to the Committee on Oversight 
     and Accountability.
       EC-6262. A letter from the Director, U.S. Trade and 
     Development Agency, transmitting the Agency's Performance and 
     Accountability Report for FY 2024, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 
     3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by 
     Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the 
     Committee on Oversight and Accountability.
       EC-6263. A letter from the Director, Congressional, 
     Legislative and Intergovernmental Affairs, Federal Election 
     Commission, transmitting the Commission's final rule -- 
     Requirement To File FEC Form 3-Z [Notice 2024-26] received 
     November 25, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
     Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
     House Administration.
       EC-6264. A letter from the Division Chief, Regulatory 
     Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the 
     Interior, transmitting the Department's direct final rule -- 
     Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and 
     Resource Conservation [BLM--HQ--FRN--MO4500181705] (RIN: 
     1004-AF01) received November 26, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Natural Resources.
       EC-6265. A letter from the Fisheries Regulations 
     Specialist, Office of Sustainable Fisheries -- GARFO, 
     National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting 
     the Administration's temporary rule -- Fisheries of the 
     Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota 
     Transfers From New Jersey, Maryland, and Virginia to 
     Massachusetts, Rhode Island, New York, and North Carolina 
     [Docket No.: 231221-0314; RTID 0648-XE132] received November 
     18, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-
     121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural 
     Resources.
       EC-6266. A letter from the Regulations Coordinator, Office 
     of Refugee Resettlement, Administration for Children and 
     Families, Department of Health and Human Services, 
     transmitting the Department's interim final rule -- 
     Investigations of Child Abuse and Neglect Rule (RIN: 0970-
     AD10) received November 26, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on the Judiciary.
       EC-6267. A letter from the Regulations Coordinator, 
     Children's Bureau, Administration on Children, Youth and 
     Families, Department of Health and Human Services, 
     transmitting the Department's final rule -- Adoption and 
     Foster Care Analysis and Reporting System (RIN: 0970-AC98) 
     received November 26, 2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
     801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); 
     to the Committee on Ways and Means.
       EC-6268. A letter from the Federal Register Liaison, 
     Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service's final 
     regulation -- Modernizing Regulations on Sales of Seized 
     Property [TD 10011] (RIN: 1545-BQ34) received November 18, 
     2024, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
     Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and 
     Means.
       EC-6269. A letter from the Regulations Coordinator, Centers 
     for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and 
     Human Services, transmitting the Department's final rule -- 
     Medicare Program; Alternative Payment Model Updates and the 
     Increasing Organ Transplant Access (IOTA) Model [CMS-5535-F] 
     (RIN: 0938-AU51) received November 26, 2024, pursuant to 5 
     U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 
     868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and 
     Ways and Means.

                          ____________________








[Page H6292]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                    TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL

  Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by 
the Speaker:

       H.J. Res. 96. Referral to the Committees on Veterans' 
     Affairs, Oversight and Accountability, Agriculture, and Ways 
     and Means for a period ending not later than December 19, 
     2024.

                          ____________________








[Page H6292]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




         REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS

  Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to 
the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as 
follows:

       Mr. WESTERMAN: Committee on Natural Resources. House Joint 
     Resolution 96. Resolution to approve the 2023 Agreement to 
     Amend the U.S.-FSM Compact, and related agreements, between 
     the Government of the United States of America and the 
     Government of the Federated States of Micronesia, the 2023 
     Agreement to Amend the U.S.-RMI Compact, and certain related 
     agreements between the Government of the United States of 
     America and the Government of the Republic of the Marshall 
     Islands, and the 2023 U.S.-Palau Compact Review Agreement 
     between the Government of the United States of America and 
     the Government of the Republic of Palau, to appropriate funds 
     to carry out the agreements, and for other purposes (Rept. 
     118-785 Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed.
       Mr. McHENRY: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 758. A 
     bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to 
     establish a 3-year phase-in period for de novo financial 
     institutions to comely with Federal capital standards, to 
     provide relief for de novo rural community banks, and for 
     other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 118-786). Referred 
     to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the 
     Union.
       Mr. McHENRY: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 7428. A 
     bill to regulate the business of offering and providing 
     earned wage access services to consumers, and for other 
     purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 118-787). Referred to the 
     Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
       Mr. McHENRY: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 8337. A 
     bill to amend the Federal banking laws to improve the safety 
     and soundness of the United States banking system, and for 
     other purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 118-788). Referred 
     to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the 
     Union.
       Mr. McHENRY: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 8338. A 
     bill to regulate small-dollar, short-term credit products, to 
     protect the privacy of lenders, and to improve the unfair, 
     deceptive, or abusive acts or practices authority of the 
     Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and for other 
     purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 118-789). Referred to the 
     Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
       Mr. McHENRY: Committee on Financial Services. House Joint 
     Resolution 120. Resolution providing for congressional 
     disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, 
     of the rule submitted by the Financial Stability Oversight 
     Council related to ``Guidance on Nonbank Financial Company 
     Determinations'' (Rept. 118-790). Referred to the Committee 
     of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
       Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1602. 
     Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 
     5349) to develop and disseminate a civic education curriculum 
     and oral history resources regarding certain political 
     ideologies, and for other purposes, and providing for 
     consideration of the bill (H.R. 7198) to amend title 5, 
     United States Code, to require greater transparency for 
     Federal regulatory decisions that impact small businesses, 
     and for other purposes (Rept. 118-791). Referred to the House 
     Calendar


                         Discharge of Committee

  Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Foreign Affairs 
and Education and the Workforce discharged from further consideration. 
H.J. Res. 96.


 =========================== NOTE =========================== 

  
  On December 3, 2024, page H6292, in the third column, the 
following appeared: charged from further consideration. H.J. Res. 
96 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of 
the Union.
  
  The online version has been corrected to read: charged from 
further consideration H.J. Res. 96.


 ========================= END NOTE ========================= 




                          ____________________








[Pages H6292-H6293]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS

  Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the 
following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows:

           By Mr. BOST (for himself and Mr. Bilirakis):
       H.R. 10267. A bill to improve the provision of care and 
     services under the Veterans Community Care Program of the 
     Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to 
     the Committee on Veterans' Affairs.
           By Mr. MEEKS (for himself, Ms. Jacobs, Mr. Amo, Mr. 
             Bera, Mrs. Cherfilus-McCormick, Mr. Connolly, Mr. 
             Jackson of Illinois, Ms. Jayapal, Ms. Kamlager-Dove, 
             Mr. Kildee, Ms. Lee of California, Mr. McGovern, Ms. 
             Omar, Mr. Schneider, and Mr. Keating):
       H.R. 10268. A bill to require the imposition of sanctions 
     with respect to conflict in Sudan, and for other purposes; to 
     the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the 
     Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, and 
     Oversight and Accountability, for a period to be subsequently 
     determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
     such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
     committee concerned.
           By Mr. ALFORD:
       H.R. 10269. A bill to authorize the Small Business 
     Administration to provide business

[[Page H6293]]

     loans to finance business software or cloud computing 
     services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small 
     Business.
           By Mr. BIGGS (for himself and Mr. Babin):
       H.R. 10270. A bill to provide Members of Congress lawful 
     access to certain Indian land to assess the security of the 
     international boundary between the United States and Mexico 
     located on that Indian land, and for other purposes; to the 
     Committee on Natural Resources.
           By Ms. CASTOR of Florida:
       H.R. 10271. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act 
     to authorize grants for graduate medical education 
     partnerships in States with a low ratio of medical residents 
     relative to the general population; to the Committee on 
     Energy and Commerce.
           By Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK (for herself and Mr. Kelly 
             of Pennsylvania):
       H.R. 10272. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social 
     Security Act to provide coverage of weight loss agents for 
     certain individuals under part D of the Medicare program; to 
     the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the 
     Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently 
     determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
     such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
     committee concerned.
           By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself, Mr. Moylan, Ms. Williams 
             of Georgia, Mr. Hudson, Mrs. Kiggans of Virginia, Mr. 
             Ruiz, Mr. Amo, Mr. Larson of Connecticut, Mr. Moore 
             of Utah, Mr. Panetta, Mr. Grijalva, Mr. Magaziner, 
             Mr. Dunn of Florida, Mr. McGarvey, Mr. Case, Mr. 
             Murphy, Ms. Tokuda, Mr. Carter of Georgia, Mr. Crow, 
             and Mr. Turner):
       H.R. 10273. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense, in 
     consultation the heads of certain agencies and organizations, 
     to conduct a study on the health effects of indoor 
     residential mold growth in covered military housing, and for 
     other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services.
           By Mr. CROW (for himself and Mr. Rutherford):
       H.R. 10274. A bill to prohibit any limitation on the entry 
     of a Member of Congress to any facility for the detention of 
     aliens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the 
     Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland 
     Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the 
     Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as 
     fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned.
           By Ms. HAGEMAN:
       H.R. 10275. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to 
     provide for a 6 month delay before a final rule may take 
     effect; to the Committee on the Judiciary.
           By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana:
       H.R. 10276. A bill to direct the Bureau of Alcohol, 
     Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives to clarify ATF Form 4473 
     relating to crimes expunged and rights restored, and for 
     other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary.
           By Mr. LANDSMAN:
       H.R. 10277. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
     1986 to establish a deduction for certain amounts paid for 
     rent for a primary residence; to the Committee on Ways and 
     Means.
           By Mr. PANETTA (for himself, Ms. Houlahan, and Mr. 
             Bacon):
       H.R. 10278. A bill to build on America's spirit of service 
     to nurture, promote, and expand a culture of service to 
     secure the Nation's future, address critical needs of the 
     Nation, and strengthen the civic fabric of American society; 
     to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in 
     addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Foreign 
     Affairs, Agriculture, Natural Resources, Ways and Means, 
     Oversight and Accountability, Veterans' Affairs, Homeland 
     Security, Intelligence (Permanent Select), House 
     Administration, the Judiciary, and Energy and Commerce, for a 
     period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each 
     case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the 
     jurisdiction of the committee concerned.
           By Mr. PERRY (for himself, Mr. Ogles, and Mr. Tiffany):
       H.R. 10279. A bill to improve defense cooperation between 
     the United States and Taiwan, and for other purposes; to the 
     Committee on Foreign Affairs.
           By Ms. TOKUDA (for herself and Mrs. Miller of West 
             Virginia):
       H.R. 10280. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
     1986 to exclude certain health professions education 
     scholarship and loan payments from gross income; to the 
     Committee on Ways and Means.
           By Mr. COHEN:
       H. Res. 1603. A resolution directing the Committee on 
     Ethics to preserve and release records of the Committee's 
     review of the alleged misconduct of Matthew Louis Gaetz II of 
     Florida while serving as a Member of the House of 
     Representatives; to the Committee on Ethics.
           By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself, Ms. Tlaib, Ms. Lee of 
             California, Mr. McGovern, Ms. Norton, Ms. Ocasio-
             Cortez, Ms. Omar, and Mr. Raskin):
       H. Res. 1604. A resolution recognizing the 40th year since 
     the 1984 Bhopal chemical disaster and helping to ensure that 
     no other community suffers another chemical disaster, by 
     supporting the designation of December 3 as National Chemical 
     Disaster Awareness Day; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
           By Ms. LEE of California (for herself, Mrs. Cherfilus-
             McCormick, Mr. McGovern, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Ms. 
             Clarke of New York, Ms. Moore of Wisconsin, Ms. 
             Barragan, Ms. McClellan, Ms. Sewell, Mr. Fitzpatrick, 
             Mr. Cohen, Ms. Balint, Ms. McCollum, Mrs. McIver, Ms. 
             Norton, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, Ms. Tlaib, Ms. Wilson 
             of Florida, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Vargas, Mr. Swalwell, 
             and Mr. Carson):
       H. Res. 1605. A resolution supporting the goals of World 
     AIDS Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in 
     addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to 
     be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
     consideration of such provisions as fall within the 
     jurisdiction of the committee concerned.

                          ____________________








[Page H6293]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. HAGEMAN:
       H.R. 10275.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I Section 8
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To amend title 5 of the United States Code








[Page H6293]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. CROW:
       H.R. 10274.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United 
     States
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To prohibit any limitation on the entry of a Member of 
     Congress to any facility for the detention of aliens, and for 
     other purposes.








[Page H6293]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. COURTNEY:
       H.R. 10273.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is 
     Article I, Section 8, clause 14.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To support the health and safety of servicemembers living 
     in military housing.








[Page H6293]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK:
       H.R. 10272.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I Section VIII
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Medicare








[Page H6293]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. CASTOR of Florida:
       H.R. 10271.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       As described in Article 1, Section 1, ``all legislative 
     powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the 
     United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of 
     Representatives.''
       Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution provides 
     Congress with the authority to ``provide for the common 
     Defense and general Welfare'' of Americans.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Healthcare








[Page H6293]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. BIGGS:
       H.R. 10270.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I Section 8
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To provide Members of Congress lawful access to certain 
     Indian land to assess the security of the international 
     boundary between the United States and Mexico.








[Page H6293]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. ALFORD:
       H.R. 10269.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ``The Congress shall have 
     power to . . . provide for the . . . general welfare of the 
     United States; . . .''
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       Clarification that 7(a) loans may be used for digitization 
     tools or services.








[Page H6293]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. MEEKS:
       H.R. 10268.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To require the imposition of sanctions with respect to 
     conflict in Sudan, and for other purposes.








[Page H6293]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. BOST:
       H.R. 10267.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, 
     which states ``[t]he Congress shall have power to lay and 
     collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts 
     and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the 
     United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be 
     uniform throughout the United States''
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       This bill would make improvements to the Department of 
     Veterans Affairs delivery of community care and increase 
     access to care for veterans.








[Page H6293]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




         CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY AND SINGLE SUBJECT STATEMENTS

  Pursuant to clause 7(c)(1) of rule XII and Section 3(c) of H. Res. 5 
the following statements are submitted regarding (1) the specific 
powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the 
accompanying bill or joint resolution and (2) the single subject of the 
bill or joint resolution.








[Pages H6293-H6294]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana:
       H.R. 10276.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:

[[Page H6294]]

       Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which 
     shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the 
     foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this 
     Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in 
     any Department or Officer thereof.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To direct the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and 
     Explosives to clarify ATF Form 4473 relating to crimes 
     expunged and rights restored.








[Page H6294]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Ms. TOKUDA:
       H.R. 10280.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States 
     Constitution.
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude 
     certain health professions education scholarship and loan 
     payments from gross income.

                          ____________________








[Page H6294]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. PERRY:
       H.R. 10279.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       US-Taiwan Relations.








[Page H6294]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. PANETTA:
       H.R. 10278.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I, Section 8, Clause 18
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       This bill establishes new and expands existing military and 
     national service programs, and revises federal personnel 
     provisions.








[Page H6294]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

           By Mr. LANDSMAN:
       H.R. 10277.
       Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant 
     to the following:
       Article I Section VIIII
       The single subject of this legislation is:
       To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish a 
     deduction for certain amounts paid for rent for a primary 
     residence.








[Pages H6294-H6295]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          ADDITIONAL SPONSORS

  Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and 
resolutions, as follows:
       H.R. 17: Ms. Ocasio-Cortez and Mrs. McIver.
       H.R. 319: Mr. Arrington.
       H.R. 491: Mrs. McIver.
       H.R. 681: Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 827: Mr. Vasquez, Mrs. McIver, and Mrs. Watson 
     Coleman.
       H.R. 833: Mr. Golden of Maine.
       H.R. 927: Ms. Castor of Florida.
       H.R. 971: Mrs. McIver.
       H.R. 1088: Mrs. Lee Carter.
       H.R. 1100: Mr. McClintock.
       H.R. 1478: Ms. Kamlager-Dove and Ms. Balint.
       H.R. 1610: Mr. Suozzi.
       H.R. 1666: Mrs. Dingell.
       H.R. 1716: Ms. Budzinski.
       H.R. 1777: Mr. Baird and Mrs. Miller-Meeks.
       H.R. 1787: Mr. Levin.
       H.R. 2700: Mr. Carter of Texas and Mr. Yakym.
       H.R. 2742: Mr. Bishop of North Carolina.
       H.R. 2919: Ms. Lee of Pennsylvania.
       H.R. 2931: Ms. Lee of Pennsylvania.
       H.R. 2976: Mr. Nadler.
       H.R. 3074: Mr. Larsen of Washington.
       H.R. 3086: Ms. Castor of Florida.
       H.R. 3409: Ms. Escobar, Mrs. Trahan, and Mr. Thompson of 
     Mississippi.
       H.R. 3481: Mrs. McIver and Mr. Soto.
       H.R. 3498: Mr. Soto.
       H.R. 3599: Ms. Wasserman Schultz.
       H.R. 3777: Ms. Norton.
       H.R. 3850: Mr. Himes and Ms. Scholten.
       H.R. 3940: Mr. Meuser, Mr. Vargas, Ms. Lee of Pennsylvania, 
     Ms. Leger Fernandez, Mr. Pallone, Ms. Houlahan, Mr. Mrvan, 
     Mr. Robert Garcia of California, Ms. Lee of California, Mr. 
     Ryan, Mr. Lieu, and Ms. Blunt Rochester.
       H.R. 3946: Mr. Correa, Mr. DeSaulnier, Mr. Garamendi, Mr. 
     Valadao, and Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 4048: Mrs. Ramirez, Mr. Bacon, and Mr. Green of Texas.
       H.R. 4088: Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 4326: Ms. Scholten, Mrs. McIver, and Mr. Carter of 
     Louisiana.
       H.R. 4335: Mr. Soto.
       H.R. 4363: Mr. Davis of Illinois and Ms. Scanlon.
       H.R. 4422: Mrs. McIver and Mr. Carter of Louisiana.
       H.R. 4456: Mr. Vasquez.
       H.R. 4525: Mr. Carson.
       H.R. 4583: Mrs. McIver.
       H.R. 4749: Mr. Lawler.
       H.R. 4818: Mr. Pocan.
       H.R. 4942: Mr. Doggett and Ms. Balint.
       H.R. 4963: Mrs. Cherfilus-McCormick.
       H.R. 4973: Ms. Lee of Pennsylvania.
       H.R. 4975: Ms. Lee of Pennsylvania.
       H.R. 4976: Ms. Lee of Pennsylvania.
       H.R. 5041: Mr. Thompson of California.
       H.R. 5074: Mr. Curtis.
       H.R. 5159: Mr. Suozzi.
       H.R. 5566: Ms. Castor of Florida.
       H.R. 5569: Mr. Garamendi.
       H.R. 5762: Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 5864: Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 5904: Mr. Davis of North Carolina.
       H.R. 5976: Mr. Vasquez.
       H.R. 6031: Mr. Carter of Louisiana and Ms. Manning.
       H.R. 6077: Mr. Foster.
       H.R. 6110: Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 6201: Mr. Ezell.
       H.R. 6205: Mr. Doggett.
       H.R. 6521: Mr. Murphy.
       H.R. 6551: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 6598: Mr. Tonko.
       H.R. 6634: Ms. Omar.
       H.R. 6652: Mr. Carter of Louisiana and Mrs. McIver.
       H.R. 6702: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 6807: Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 6860: Mrs. McIver.
       H.R. 6887: Mr. Tonko.
       H.R. 7039: Ms. Williams of Georgia.
       H.R. 7053: Mr. Langworthy.
       H.R. 7258: Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 7297: Mr. Casten and Ms. Kelly of Illinois.
       H.R. 7384: Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 7457: Mr. Thanedar.
       H.R. 7618: Mr. Bacon.
       H.R. 7623: Mr. Lieu.
       H.R. 7629: Ms. Hoyle of Oregon.
       H.R. 7703: Mr. Goldman of New York.
       H.R. 7779: Mr. Thompson of California.
       H.R. 7833: Mr. Steube and Mr. Cline.
       H.R. 7853: Ms. Malliotakis.
       H.R. 8028: Mr. Crow, Ms. Sewell, and Ms. Brown.
       H.R. 8061: Ms. DeGette, Ms. Bonamici, Mr. Carter of 
     Louisiana, Mr.Thanedar, and Mr. Clyburn.
       H.R. 8092: Ms. Schakowsky.
       H.R. 8140: Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 8147: Mr. Stauber and Mr. Hudson.
       H.R. 8305: Ms. Balint.
       H.R. 8329: Mr. Fitzpatrick.
       H.R. 8370: Mr. Golden of Maine, Mr. Lieu, and Ms. Wasserman 
     Schultz.
       H.R. 8419: Ms. Manning.
       H.R. 8448: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 8566: Mr. Gottheimer and Mr. Crow.
       H.R. 8613: Ms. Spanberger.
       H.R. 8626: Ms. Lee of Pennsylvania.
       H.R. 8703: Ms. Malliotakis.
       H.R. 8824: Mr. Nunn of Iowa.
       H.R. 8836: Mr. Kean of New Jersey.
       H.R. 8843: Ms. Lee of Nevada.
       H.R. 8877: Mrs. Dingell.
       H.R. 8992: Mr. Nunn of Iowa.
       H.R. 8995: Mrs. McIver.
       H.R. 8996: Ms. Hoyle of Oregon.
       H.R. 9039: Mr. Mullin.
       H.R. 9045: Mr. Norman.
       H.R. 9096: Mr. Ciscomani, Mr. Pocan, and Mr. Zinke.
       H.R. 9101: Mr. Menendez.
       H.R. 9164: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 9172: Mr. Crow.
       H.R. 9206: Mr. Nunn of Iowa.
       H.R. 9270: Mr. Nunn of Iowa.
       H.R. 9274: Mr. Owens and Ms. Leger Fernandez.
       H.R. 9276: Mr. Nunn of Iowa.
       H.R. 9299: Mr. Nunn of Iowa.
       H.R. 9351: Mr. Ryan.
       H.R. 9382: Mr. Davis of North Carolina.
       H.R. 9403: Ms. Eshoo and Mr. Nunn of Iowa.
       H.R. 9466: Mr. Foster.
       H.R. 9475: Mr. Nunn of Iowa and Ms. Bonamici.
       H.R. 9522: Mr. Moolenaar, Mr. Ellzey, and Mrs. Cherfilus-
     McCormick.
       H.R. 9546: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 9568: Mr. Suozzi.
       H.R. 9576: Mr. Nunn of Iowa.
       H.R. 9623: Mr. Nunn of Iowa.
       H.R. 9641: Mr. Nunn of Iowa.
       H.R. 9647: Mr. Larsen of Washington.
       H.R. 9667: Mr. Nunn of Iowa.
       H.R. 9674: Ms. Jayapal.
       H.R. 9675: Mr. Curtis.
       H.R. 9725: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 9765: Ms. McClellan.
       H.R. 9774: Mr. Deluzio and Ms. Hoyle of Oregon.
       H.R. 9786: Mr. Nunn of Iowa.
       H.R. 9793: Mr. Gottheimer and Mr. Nunn of Iowa.
       H.R. 9817: Mr. Carson.
       H.R. 9902: Mr. Valadao.
       H.R. 9945: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 9950: Mrs. Bice, Mr. Gottheimer, Mr. Joyce of 
     Pennsylvania, and Ms. Craig.
       H.R. 9997: Ms. Sherrill.
       H.R. 10028: Ms. Tokuda.
       H.R. 10073: Ms. Strickland, Mr. Obernolte, Ms. Spanberger, 
     Mr. Ezell, and Ms. Van Duyne.
       H.R. 10079: Mr. Evans.
       H.R. 10126: Ms. Norton.
       H.R. 10139: Ms. Jayapal.
       H.R. 10165: Ms. Jayapal.
       H.R. 10172: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.R. 10177: Mr. Self, Mr. Weber of Texas, and Mr. Davidson.
       H.R. 10180: Mrs. Kiggans of Virginia.
       H.R. 10181: Mr. Stanton, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Nickel, and Mr. 
     Davis of Illinois.
       H.R. 10186: Mrs. Miller of Illinois.
       H.R. 10208: Mr. Mullin.
       H.R. 10224: Mr. Castro of Texas.
       H.R. 10229: Mr. Deluzio.
       H.R. 10230: Ms. Chu.
       H.R. 10237: Mr. Carson.
       H.R. 10240: Mr. Davis of North Carolina.
       H.R. 10250: Mr. Roy.
       H.R. 10251: Mr. Fry and Mr. Roy.
       H.R. 10256: Mr. Davis of North Carolina.
       H.R. 10258: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.J. Res. 65: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H.J. Res. 72: Mr. Raskin and Mr. Casar.
       H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. Vargas.

[[Page H6295]]

  

       H. Res. 831: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H. Res. 1012: Mr. Davis of North Carolina.
       H. Res. 1394: Mr. Curtis.
       H. Res. 1516: Mr. Stanton.
       H. Res. 1528: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H. Res. 1543: Mr. Gottheimer.
       H. Res. 1578: Mr. Weber of Texas and Mr. Carson.
       H. Res. 1581: Mr. Horsford.
       H. Res. 1588: Mr. Crow.
       H. Res. 1592: Ms. Chu.








[Page S6763]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                   Recognition of the Majority Leader

  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The majority leader is recognized.








[Page S6763]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                           EXECUTIVE CALENDAR

  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the previous order, the 
Senate will proceed to executive session to resume consideration of the 
following nomination, which the clerk will report.
  The senior assistant executive clerk read the nomination of Anthony 
J. Brindisi, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the 
Northern District of New York.








[Page S6763]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS

  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Morning business is closed.

                          ____________________








[Page S6763]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME

  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved.

                          ____________________








[Page S6763]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to 
the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mrs. Murray).
  The senior assistant executive clerk read the following letter:

                                                      U.S. Senate,


                                        President pro tempore,

                                 Washington, DC, December 3, 2024.
     To the Senate:
       Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the 
     Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable 
     Mark Kelly, a Senator from the State of Arizona, to perform 
     the duties of the Chair.
                                                     Patty Murray,
                                            President pro tempore.

  Mr. KELLY thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro 
tempore.

                          ____________________








[Page S6763]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE

  The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows:

       I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of 
     America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation 
     under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.

                          ____________________








[Page S6763]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                                 PRAYER

  The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer:
  Let us pray.
  Eternal, unchanging God, You are our rock, our fortress, and our 
stronghold. Empower our lawmakers to change in ways that will render 
them more faithful to Your will and more responsive to Your call. May 
they develop such moral and ethical fitness that they will clearly 
comprehend Your desires and be eager to do Your will.
  Lord, as they grow in grace and in knowledge of You, deliver them 
from the bonds of fear as You turn their spirits toward the light of 
Your presence. May the knowledge of Your blessings to our Nation and 
world bring us all to a deeper commitment to You.
  We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen.

                          ____________________








[Page S6763]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

[[Page S6763]]

Senate

  The Senate met at 12 noon and was called to order by the Honorable 
Mark Kelly, a Senator from the State of Arizona.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6763-S6764]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                           Democratic Caucus

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, this morning, the Senate Democratic 
caucus held leadership elections for the 119th Congress.
  I am grateful, I am honored, I am humbled that my colleagues have 
again unanimously elected me to serve as their Democratic leader.
  To my Democratic colleagues: Thank you for this opportunity. Thank 
you for extending to me your trust.
  Serving as Democratic leader has been one of the greatest honors of 
my time in public office, as has been representing the people of New 
York. It has allowed me to learn more from my colleagues than I could 
have possibly dreamed of when I first took this job. And after 4 years 
of the most productive and consequential years the Senate has had in 
decades, it has galvanized my faith in this Chamber's ability to get 
big things done for the country because, wow, we got a lot done, even 
in times of division, especially when bipartisanship prevails, as it 
did with so many of our bills. Most of the major bills we passed were 
done in a bipartisan way.
  Anyone who thinks in this Chamber that we should abandon 
bipartisanship is making a huge mistake. Whether it is CHIPS and 
Science or infrastructure or gun safety or helping the veterans, gay 
marriage--you name it--we did it in a bipartisan way.
  I pledge to dedicate every ounce of my strength and focus and wit--
however much I have of that--to keep serving as leader dutifully the 
years ahead to help our caucus better serve the American people.
  I want to say, Mr. President, that I love my caucus. They are just 
such a beautiful group of people. We don't all agree--from different 
parts of the country, different ages and philosophies and backgrounds--
but every one of my caucus Members loves his or her country. Every one 
of them has made huge sacrifices to be here. And every one of them 
strives for unity, and it is one of the reasons we have been so 
successful in my last 4 years as majority leader, because our caucus 
has been great.
  I sent a little message to every Member of my caucus on Thanksgiving 
Day that I am thankful for them. It is a great group.
  Congratulations, of course, to my fellow Democrats elected to serve 
on our caucus's leadership, as well. You can't do it all alone, and I 
am glad to count

[[Page S6764]]

the Members of our leadership team--every Member of my caucus--as a 
friend, in addition to being your faithful colleague.
  I would also like to thank our dear friend Senator Patty Murray, who 
for the last 2 years has served this Chamber and served the American 
people faithfully as President pro tempore of the Senate.
  Everyone here knows no Senator can get through the day or even 
through the hour without incredible staff. I have an amazing staff led 
by Mike Lynch, who has been with me since I just about started leading 
our team in Washington, and Martin Brennan, who has also been with me 
since I just about started in New York. What an amazing group of 
dedicated people. I am blessed, truly blessed to have such a great 
staff. I thank them, each and every one for their dedication, their 
brilliance, their unflinching faith in our democracy.
  I wish to thank all of the staff across the Senate who do our 
caucus's work. You are the unsung heroes of our democracy. Every one of 
our staffers labors hard. Just about everyone could go out and make 
more money, but they are dedicated to making this country a better 
place, to helping the working people of America. We are lucky and 
blessed to have such a great staff.
  I want to send a particular thanks to the Senate floor staff. We 
weren't able to get this much done without them, particularly Gary 
Myrick and the miracle workers in the Cloakroom who make this Chamber 
come to life, as well as the members at the front desk. Thank you all.
  We have more work to do in this Chamber before the year is out, and 
we will have to hit the ground running when 2025 arrives. The 
challenges of our country remain great. Our divisions still run very 
deep, but our task in this Chamber cannot and will not change. We are 
sent here to make life better for the American people. So thank you to 
all of my colleagues. Let the work continue.








[Page S6764]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                     Tribute to Laphonza R. Butler

  Mr. President, we are bidding farewell today to two of our Members on 
the Democrat side who will give speeches of farewell.
  Later this afternoon, our colleague from California, Senator Laphonza 
Butler, will deliver her farewell address here on the Senate floor. 
Before she speaks, I want to share a few words about her time in the 
Senate.
  When our late colleague Senator Feinstein passed away over a little 
over a year ago, I remember wondering to myself how anyone could ever 
follow in Dianne's footsteps. To follow Dianne, I knew it would take 
someone really special, someone really smart, really honorable, someone 
who always stepped up to the plate. It would take someone like Laphonza 
Butler.
  Senator Butler wasn't out looking for this job. She didn't campaign 
for it. But it came to her doorstep; and when asked to serve, she 
answered with great humility and a great sense of service and belief in 
America.
  She followed her innate calling for service, which she learned while 
watching her mom work multiple jobs to keep their family above water. 
For the last year, she represented her beloved California--a huge 
complicated and beautiful State--admirably.
  There is a general assumption around here that if you want to make a 
real difference in Washington, you have to spend years--sometimes 
people say even decades--learning the ropes and rising through the 
ranks. Well, Senator Butler sure turned that myth on its head. She 
proved that it isn't about how long you are here. It is about what you 
choose to do with the time you are here. And Senator Butler did a lot.
  As a member of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Butler has helped 
advance and confirm one of the most well-qualified and diverse classes 
of judicial nominees in recent history.
  She has been a champion for women and women's rights. She co-led 
legislation to restore the rights enshrined under Roe v. Wade.
  She has done great work to bring our workforce up to speed in the age 
of artificial intelligence.
  She has introduced legislation to provide more opportunity to farmers 
and small business owners, to help parents and families and caregivers 
address the mental health and substance abuse crisis, to increase civic 
participation among young voters, and so much more.
  The bottom line is that Senator Butler did practically everything in 
her time in the Senate. She did it in only 1 year, and she was always 
ready to serve. When I had a tough job or even a job that wasn't very 
glamorous but would take some time and effort, Senator Butler always 
said yes. She wasn't one of these people just looking out for herself. 
She was looking out for the greater good in a beautiful way.

  And, of course, as well, Senator Butler, much like her predecessor, 
was a historymaker, too. When she was sworn in a year ago, she became 
only the third Black woman in American history to serve in the Senate, 
the first openly lesbian Senator from California, and the first openly 
LGBTQ Senator of color.
  And, finally, while I say reluctantly as a New Yorker, Senator 
Butler's year in the Senate concludes with one of the greatest 
accomplishments a Senator can achieve: one of her home State teams 
winning the World Series.
  So, Senator Butler, thanks for all you have done. Thank you just for 
being you--such a decent, wonderful, honorable person. And the people 
of California and all of America are certainly proud of you and 
grateful for your service, too.








[Pages S6764-S6765]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                       Tribute to Joe Manchin III

  Mr. President, this afternoon another dear colleague of ours will 
give his farewell address, Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia. It 
fills me with great pleasure and a little sadness to say a few words in 
his honor.
  Every now and then, you get to work with someone who reminds us that 
politics, just like practically all other pursuits in life, is 
deceivingly simple. It is about relationships, about strong 
partnerships, about strong beliefs, and it takes having good friends in 
this place to get difficult things done.
  Today, I wish to pay tribute to a very dear friend, one of my closest 
friends in the Senate--even when we disagreed, we stayed friendly, 
stayed good friends--and, of course, a longtime colleague, Senator Joe 
Manchin of West Virginia.
  On the surface, Joe Manchin and Chuck Schumer will appear to have 
little in common. For one, Joe was born in Farmington, WV, a coal 
mining town of around 400 people. I was, of course, born in Brooklyn, 
where you can walk past 400 people before breakfast.
  Joe's family on his father's side traces their lineage to hilly 
enclaves of the Calabria region of Italy. Much of my family, meanwhile, 
comes from Galicia, in modern day Ukraine.
  While Joe got a scholarship to play football at West Virginia 
University--he was going to be great star until he was injured--I was 
cut from the college basketball team on day one. Coach asked me could I 
dribble. I said: It is not my strong suit, sir. He said: Go home.
  Beneath the surface, however, Joe and I have some unexpected common 
links. We both have grandparents whose lives were shaped in dramatic 
ways by union life. My grandfather went as far as helping his employees 
form a union in Utica, while his grandfather, sadly, was fired for 
trying to organize a union in Farmington.
  Both of our fathers were small business owners. Joe's dad took over a 
family grocery store where Joe himself worked for much of his early 
years, while my dad ran an exterminating business.
  Both our families found home within communities where everyone knew 
your name and where hard times forced everyone to come together.
  For Joe's family, it was the awful day that the Manchin Grocery store 
burned down. When Joe recalls the incident, he has said that moment 
taught him the value of persistence--that is something my dad, my late 
father, always talked about--and the importance of leaning on your 
community to rebuild from tragedy. And that is something any New Yorker 
will relate to.
  So yes, Mr. President, it is these common threads that fill me today 
with gratitude. These are links that shape who Joe Manchin the public 
servant is at his core: someone who wants to keep alive the very same 
American dream his family got to enjoy--a place where hard work, 
community and equal opportunity are the keys to a better life.

[[Page S6765]]

  Some of the biggest accomplishments of the past few years would not 
have gotten done without Joe's help. He was always able to reach across 
the aisle to help us achieve bipartisan legislation that we are so 
proud of in these past two Senates. Without him, we couldn't have 
gotten the Inflation Reduction Act done. He was persistent. He was a 
tiger on that one.
  He and I got together alone in one week--we sat in a room, a little 
room. No one knew we were negotiating the IRA. Joe didn't want anyone 
to know because he would be besieged by people. So we sat in that room 
day in and day out. Then all of a sudden, the legislation, after no one 
knew we were doing it, popped out. As a result, so much was 
accomplished.
  We made historic strides towards climate change in a very positive 
way--tax breaks to help clean energy evolve--and it has grown beyond 
what either of us thought. This was the first major legislation in 
decades that lowered the cost of prescription drugs. And there were Joe 
Manchin and Chuck Schumer--close friends, colleagues with a mission--
getting this done. And we did it in that little room all alone.
  At the same time, Senator Manchin was always reminding us that 
deficit reduction was important. And in the IRA--which he appropriately 
named the Inflation Reduction Act--for every dollar we invested, we 
also saved towards cutting down the deficit through this bill.
  Very few pieces of legislation, major pieces, have ever done that, 
but to Joe's great credit, the IRA did.
  Joe was also an important player on a number of other key bipartisan 
wins, like the gun safety bill and infrastructure legislation. Under 
our majority, even though I had lots of disagreements, and we had a few 
fights--not physical, he would have clobbered me in those--Joe Manchin 
has been an invaluable partner, a dedicated public servant, and a dear 
friend until the end.
  Of course, Joe and I didn't agree on everything, after all, who here 
thinks that New York and West Virginia could agree all the time? But 
despite these disagreements, what mattered was this: No matter the 
issue, I always knew that Joe would be true to who he was, to put the 
people of West Virginia first, and to seek consensus, even if there was 
just a shred of an opportunity. He was so persistent at it, and that is 
why he was as successful as he was. These things I will always cherish 
about serving with the Senator from West Virginia, but also we were 
just close friends, aside from politics. We talked to each other all 
the time. We each knew each other's phone numbers by heart. That 304 
number popped up on my phone more than just about any other. And we had 
some great times together.
  Some of the happiest times I had in the Senate were on Joe Manchin's 
boat. He would bring in great Italian food. And then he would turn on 
his sound system, and we would all be singing--Democrats and 
Republicans--hits from the fifties, sixties, seventies. Joe would just 
play the first two or three notes, and then we would have to guess what 
the song was. We were both pretty great at it, and what great times 
they were.
  Joe is the kind of friend who breaks the tension with a sudden joke, 
the kind of colleague who breaks gridlock with a helping hand, and the 
kind of public servant who breaks cynicism by reminding everyone that 
what we do here, we do for the people back home.
  So, Joe, thank you for the many good years of partnership in this 
Chamber. As you know, I tried to recruit you, successfully, when you 
first ran, and you have had great service to our country since then. 
And I hope you don't regret that I recruited you, and you came here. I 
am sure you don't because you have done so much and made so many good 
friends.
  Joe, thank you for all you have done serving our country and serving 
the people of West Virginia. We wish the best to you, to Gayle, to your 
beautiful family, which you always talk about, and to all the people of 
West Virginia whom you so admirably served.
  I yield the floor.
  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Illinois.
  Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed 
to complete my remarks before the recess.
  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so 
ordered.








[Page S6765]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                     Tribute to Laphonza R. Butler

  Mr. President, I would like to say a few words about two of my 
colleagues who will be making farewell remarks today in the Senate; 
first, Laphonza Butler. She succeeded Senator Dianne Feinstein as 
Senator from our largest State, the State of California. Dianne 
Feinstein was a close friend and a seatmate of mine for many years. I 
can't tell you how many times we sat together, considered nominees and 
legislation, and listened to one another's speeches. I really respected 
her so much, and she did an extraordinary job in the Senate.
  So when she passed away and Senator Butler took her place, many 
people wondered who could step into her shoes for this period of time. 
Laphonza Butler was that person. She was given an extraordinary 
assignment. She took a slot on the Senate Judiciary Committee, which I 
chair, and in that position had to get into the daily combat--political 
combat--that took place in that committee.
  I would say, with some immodesty, that it is one of the most 
challenging committees on Capitol Hill because it has an 
extraordinarily important agenda when it comes to the political issues 
before it and because of some of the personalities that populate the 
chairs of that committee on both sides of the aisle.

  Senator Butler brought her own style and her own approach to it and 
did so, so well. She was able to see the old admonition is true that 
``politics ain't beanbag'' in the Senate Judiciary Committee. She stood 
up for her State effectively and she articulated her positions 
convincingly and she was always there when needed.
  I want to thank her for being part of the process of filling these 
vacancies in the Federal judiciary with the most diverse group of 
judges in our history. It is something that will live on long beyond 
Senator Butler and myself. So I thank her for her friendship, her 
smile, her determination, and her success on the Senate Judiciary 
Committee and in the Senate as a whole.








[Page S6765]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                          Judiciary Committee

  Mr. President, this has been one of the busiest legislative times of 
my time on Capitol Hill. We have been working for 4 years in the Senate 
Judiciary Committee to fill vacancies in the Federal courts around 
America. People retire; they pass away; some of them decide to do 
something else with their lives, creating a vacancy for what was 
supposed to be a lifetime position.
  Over the last 4 years, working with President Biden's White House, we 
have filled more than 200 slots in the Federal judiciary. Over one-
fourth of the existing article III judges have been replaced or given a 
successor because of the work of the Senate Judiciary Committee, which 
I chair, and with it, the work on the floor to pass these same 
nominees, which requires the work of the staff, the majority leader, of 
course, and the whip on the floor. So I was called into action at both 
levels for success, and we have quite a record to show for it.








[Page S6765]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                           Democratic Caucus

  Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want to echo comments just made by the 
majority leader Senator Schumer, of my gratitude to the Democratic 
caucus for giving me an opportunity to continue to serve as the whip.
  The whip, I am often asked what it is all about, what is this job.
  And I say the skills that are necessary for this job I developed in 
the first grade, to be able to count up to 60, if needed, and to be 
able to count up to 41 in a position of resistance. That is an 
overstatement, of course, but not much.
  I thank my colleagues for giving me this opportunity over the last 2 
years and looking forward to the next 2.








[Pages S6765-S6766]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                       Tribute to Joe Manchin III

  Mr. President, Joe Manchin is going to give his farewell address on 
the floor. The Senator from West Virginia and I have served together, 
and I have come to appreciate Joe's politics, and the way he handles 
decision making. Sometimes I disagree with him vehemently and am 
frustrated by his position, but I understand he represents his own 
conscience, his people of West Virginia, and the reality of politics in 
the State. Time and again, he has made a difference when needed.

[[Page S6766]]

  I thank him for standing up for some of the judges who have come 
before us. We couldn't have done it without him, in some circumstances. 
I think he will be proud in the years ahead to reflect on what these 
women and men will mean to our country. I also wanted to join in 
Senator Schumer's happy memories of time off the Senate floor with Joe 
and his wife Gayle on his boat, which is also his residence, on the 
Potomac River. There were some wonderful parties there, always, always, 
always bipartisan. That has been the hallmark of Joe Manchin's career, 
and it really makes a positive difference in the work of the Senate.








[Page S6766]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                     EXECUTIVE CALENDAR--Continued

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will 
resume consideration of the following nomination, which the clerk will 
report.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Sparkle 
L. Sooknanan, of the District of Columbia, to be United States District 
Judge for the District of Columbia.








[Page S6766]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                                 RECESS

  The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the previous order, the 
Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m.
  Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:46 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and 
reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. Lujan).

                          ____________________








[Page S6766]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                              Immigration

  Mr. President, I rise today to discuss another topic that has become 
one of my major concerns throughout my Senate career, fixing our broken 
immigration system. As the son of an immigrant from Lithuania, my 
personal story exemplifies the experience of immigrants in this country 
and just how far the American dream can take you when you are afforded 
the opportunity.
  That is one of the reasons why 23 years ago I introduced the DREAM 
Act, together with Republican Senator Orrin Hatch, who was then the 
chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. This bipartisan legislation 
was very simple. It provided a pathway to citizenship for young 
immigrants who were brought to the United States as infants, toddlers, 
and children, allowing them to remain legally in the country, the only 
home they ever knew, and to have a path to ultimate legality and 
citizenship.
  Eleven years ago, I joined some of my colleagues to form the 
bipartisan Gang of 8, another effort for immigration reform. We worked 
hard, four Democrats and four Republicans, and drafted a comprehensive 
immigration bill that included the DREAM Act. That bill passed the 
Senate with 68 bipartisan votes. Yet House Republicans refused to even 
consider it and debate it.
  Unfortunately, we haven't made much progress since. Today, as we hear 
dangerous rhetoric from the President-elect about immigration, I worry 
for the immigrants and for the future of our country.
  We can all agree that any undocumented immigrant found guilty of a 
serious crime should never be allowed to stay in the United States. But 
the last time the President-elect was in office, it wasn't just 
criminals who were deported. We saw parents separated from their young 
children, some of them still separated to this day, and we saw 
Dreamers, veterans, and spouses of U.S. citizens deported. They weren't 
criminals. Many of them were pillars in their home communities.
  Next week, I will hold a hearing in the Senate Judiciary Committee 
focused on the chaos and cruelty that President-elect Trump's promised 
mass deportations could bring to our communities and our country.
  Mr. President, I rise today to highlight one of the Dreamers whose 
loss would deeply impact her community and her family. This Dreamer 
spent her career educating America's future leaders.
  This is the 147th story of a Dreamer that I have told on the Senate 
floor. This young woman's name is Dulce Martinez, better known by her 
students as Ms. Martinez.
  She was brought to the United States from Puebla, Mexico, when she 
was 14 years old. As a child, she loved school and dreamed of becoming 
a computer teacher, but when the college counselor told her she wasn't 
eligible for college, even with good grades, she was crushed. She felt 
hopeless and dropped out of school. It wasn't until Ms. Martinez 
started working that she realized her education meant too much to throw 
away. The skills she was learning on the job helped her to realize just 
how valuable education was to her and to everyone else.
  She enrolled at the Borough of Manhattan Community College to finish 
her high school credits. She was able to obtain DACA, which allowed her 
to continue her studies at BMCC, where she received an associate's 
degree in early childhood education. She graduated with honors.
  Ms. Martinez went on to serve as a BMCC mentor and employee, focusing 
on advocacy for immigrants and undocumented students. She also worked 
on the City University of New York Women's Centers Council.
  Today, Ms. Martinez has her dream as a lead teacher at a Head Start 
preschool in Brooklyn. She is pursuing a master's degree in early 
childhood education and conducted field work in early education.
  A proud mother of four, Ms. Martinez uses her own life experience to 
educate and inspire young people. She is the embodiment of the American 
dream.
  Would America be better off if she is deported? No, of course not. 
She is teaching young children to have a future and to believe in 
themselves and the basic education that made her life so successful.
  DACA was a program put together by President Obama to pave the way 
for Ms. Martinez to pursue her dreams, but DACA was always intended to 
be a temporary stopgap until Congress did its job and fixed the broken 
immigration system by law.
  In Ms. Martinez's case, DACA was the opportunity she was looking for 
to go back to school and to kick-start her dreams. But since President 
Obama established the program, Republicans have waged a relentless 
campaign to overturn DACA and deport these Dreamers back to countries 
they do not even remember. Now this program is hanging by a thread in 
the courts due to legal challenges from the Republican State attorneys 
general, and DACA recipients are forced to live with uncertainty day to 
day.
  Last year, a Federal judge in Texas declared the DACA Program 
illegal, though the decision left in place protections for current DACA 
recipients while the case is on appeal. Dreamers live in constant fear 
that the next decision will spin their lives. You and I have heard over 
and over again when President-elect Donald Trump came before his 
rallies and described the immigrants he wants to deport as murderers, 
rapists, terrorists, people with mental problems, and such. It goes on 
and on, time and again. But, of course, Ms. Martinez did not belong to 
any one of those categories. She has made a life in America and made 
America better.
  This litigation that I am concerned about prevented at least 500,000 
additional Dreamers from registering for the program.
  During his first term, then-President Trump tried to shut down the 
DACA Program, but the Supreme Court blocked him. Now he has pledged to 
pursue a mass deportation campaign. I am going to do everything in my 
power to defend Dreamers from being deported from the only country they 
call home, and I am willing to work with anyone, including President-
elect Trump, to pass legislation to give Dreamers like Ms. Martinez a 
chance.
  I urge my colleagues to meet with these Dreamers, come to know them, 
and in their States, they are going to find that they are making 
invaluable contributions. These young people are ready and willing to 
help make America better. Dreamers like Dulce Martinez have earned the 
right to put down roots, raise families, further their education, and 
continue contributing to our society, without the threat of deportation 
hanging over their heads.
  It is time for Congress to get to work on a bipartisan basis to defy 
the so-called experts and to pass the Dream Act and immigration reform. 
It is the right thing to do, and it is long overdue.
  I yield the floor.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6766-S6767]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                   Nomination of Sparkle L. Sooknanan

  Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today, the Senate will vote to confirm 
Sparkle Leah Sooknanan to the U.S. District Court for the District of 
Columbia.

[[Page S6767]]

  Born in Trinidad and Tobago, Ms. Sooknanan earned her B.S. from Saint 
Francis College in 2002, her M.B.A. from Hofstra University in 2003, 
and a J.D., summa cum laude, from Brooklyn Law School in 2010.
  After graduating from law school, Ms. Sooknanan served as a law clerk 
to the Honorable Eric N. Vitaliano on the U.S. District Court for the 
Eastern District of New York between 2010 and 2011 and for the 
Honorable Guido Calabresi on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second 
Circuit from 2011 to 2012. Following her clerkships, she joined the 
U.S. Department of Justice through its honors program as an appellate 
attorney in the civil division. Ms. Sooknanan then served as a law 
clerk to Justice Sonia Sotomayor on the U.S. Supreme Court from 2013 to 
2014.
  Following the completion of her Supreme Court clerkship, Ms. 
Sooknanan joined Jones Day in Washington, DC, as an associate between 
2014 and 2019 and, later partner from 2020 to 2021. She spent more than 
6 years at the firm representing clients in complex, multifaceted 
Federal district court and appellate litigation.
  In 2021, Ms. Sooknanan rejoined the Department of Justice as Deputy 
Associate Attorney General in the Associate Attorney General's Office. 
In the fall of 2023, she moved to the civil rights division to serve as 
the Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, the second highest 
leadership position in the division.
  The American Bar Association rated Ms. Sooknanan as ``well 
qualified,'' and her nomination is strongly supported by Congresswoman 
Eleanor Holmes Norton.
  Ms. Sooknanan's experience clerking at all levels of the Federal 
judiciary, as well as her work in private practice and public service, 
have prepared her to serve as a district judge on the U.S. District 
Court for the District of Columbia.
  I am proud to support her nomination.








[Page S6767]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                     Nomination of Catherine Henry

  Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today, the Senate will vote to confirm 
Catherine Henry to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of 
Pennsylvania.
  Ms. Henry received her B.A. from Drew University and her J.D. from 
the District of Columbia School of Law. After law school, she worked as 
a staff attorney at the Feminist Majority Foundation before serving as 
an assistant defender at the Defender Association of Philadelphia. From 
1996 to 2001, she represented clients at every stage of the State 
criminal process as she handled cases in the major trial and felony 
waiver trial divisions. She also represented juvenile defendants in 
delinquency proceedings.
  Since 2001, Ms. Henry has worked in the Federal Community Defender 
Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. As an assistant 
Federal defender in the trial division, she gained extensive jury trial 
and sentencing litigation experience on a wide variety of cases. In 
2008, Henry was promoted to the position of senior litigator. She 
maintains a full caseload of Federal criminal matters and advises 
assistant Federal defenders in all aspects of litigation. Over the 
course of her career, Ms. Henry has tried hundreds of cases to verdict 
in State court and 35 Federal cases to verdict or final decision. In 
addition to her legal practice, Ms. Henry has taught as an adjunct 
professor at the University of Pennsylvania Carey Law School since 
2009, and she previously taught students at Temple University Beasley 
School of Law.
  The American Bar Association unanimously rated Ms. Henry as ``well 
qualified'' to serve on the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. She is 
strongly supported by both of her home State Senators--Mr. Casey and 
Mr. Fetterman--as well as a broad range of individuals, including 
Federal public defenders, former Federal prosecutors, and former and 
retired district judges.
  Ms. Henry's litigation background and extensive experience in Federal 
court ensure that she will be a valuable addition to the Federal bench. 
I am proud to support her nomination, and I urge my colleagues to join 
me in my support.








[Page S6767]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                           EXECUTIVE CALENDAR

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will 
resume consideration of the following nomination, which the clerk will 
report.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of 
Catherine Henry, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge 
for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.








[Page S6767]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                      Vote on Sooknanan Nomination

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and 
consent to the Sooknanan nomination?
  Mr. PAUL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?
  There appears to be a sufficient second.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The senior assistant executive clerk called the roll.
  Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema) is 
necessarily absent.
  Mr. THUNE. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator 
from Ohio (Mr. Vance).
  The result was announced--yeas 50, nays 48, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 306 Ex.]

                                YEAS--50

     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Booker
     Brown
     Butler
     Cantwell
     Cardin
     Carper
     Casey
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gillibrand
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Helmy
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Manchin
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schumer
     Shaheen
     Smith
     Stabenow
     Tester
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden

                                NAYS--48

     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Braun
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Collins
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Kennedy
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     Moran
     Mullin
     Murkowski
     Paul
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Romney
     Rounds
     Rubio
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tillis
     Tuberville
     Wicker
     Young

                             NOT VOTING--2

     Sinema
     Vance
       
  The nomination was confirmed.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Welch). Under the previous order, the 
motion to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table, and 
the President will be immediately notified of the Senate's action.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6767-S6768]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                        Vote on Henry Nomination

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and 
consent to the Henry nomination?
  Mr. HEINRICH. I ask for the yeas and nays.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?
  There appears to be a sufficient second.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The legislative clerk called the roll.
  Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema) is 
necessarily absent.
  Mr. THUNE. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator 
from Ohio (Mr. Vance).
  The result was announced--yeas 50, nays 48, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 307 Ex.]

                                YEAS--50

     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Booker
     Brown
     Butler
     Cantwell
     Cardin
     Carper
     Casey
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gillibrand
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Helmy
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Manchin
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schumer
     Shaheen
     Smith
     Stabenow
     Tester
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden

                                NAYS--48

     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Braun
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Collins
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley

[[Page S6768]]


     Hoeven
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Kennedy
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     Moran
     Mullin
     Murkowski
     Paul
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Romney
     Rounds
     Rubio
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tillis
     Tuberville
     Wicker
     Young

                             NOT VOTING--2

     Sinema
     Vance
       
  The nomination was confirmed.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to 
reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the 
President will be immediately notified of the Senate's action.
  The Senator from Texas.








[Page S6768]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                          Trump Administration

  Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, last week, I spoke about a few of 
President Trump's excellent choices to lead his foreign policy agenda. 
Today, I would like to highlight a few of the impressive individuals he 
has tapped to lead his agenda for American energy abundance at the 
Energy Department, the EPA, and Interior.
  It is no secret that Texas is an energy-producing State. The 30 
million people I represent have been suffering from high gas prices, 
along with inflation and higher utility bills, under President Biden 
these last 4 years. From day one of his Presidency, President Biden 
made clear that he was taking his cues not from people like my 
constituents, who had to pay these higher prices, but from radical 
activists looking to further their leftwing climate agenda. He started 
by canceling the Keystone XL Pipeline, which would have created jobs 
and helped keep gas prices affordable.
  While Texans, along with other Americans, were suffering from 
historically high inflation, President Biden responded to their pleas 
by signing into law a so-called Inflation Reduction Act, which I like 
to point out did nothing to reduce inflation. Well, the Inflation 
Reduction Act, in fact, added more burdensome regulations and wasteful 
spending, while President Biden himself admitted that the law has 
``less to do with inflation.''
  Adding insult to injury, the EPA put into place a tailpipe rule that 
creates emissions standards so stringent they practically force 
consumers to choose an electric vehicle rather than a gas-powered car. 
Of course, that was part of the goal. No one I know of wants to be told 
by the government what kind of car they have to buy, but consider, as 
well, that Texans are already having trouble keeping up with their 
bills due to high inflation. Does President Biden really think forcing 
them to buy an expensive electric vehicle or forcing hard-working 
people who can't afford an electric vehicle, even with the subsidy, to 
subsidize wealthier Americans so that they could do so is helpful? It 
makes no sense whatsoever.
  Finally, by significantly limiting America's LNG exports, liquefied 
natural gas, many of which leave the country and travel to our allies 
by way of Texas ports, President Biden gave a gift to Vladimir Putin 
and forced our European allies to rely more heavily on Russia and Saudi 
Arabia for their energy needs.
  It should be no surprise to the Biden administration that Texans 
voted against a President who prioritized keeping radical climate 
activists happy at the expense of average Americans.
  But with President Trump at the helm, I have no doubt that Texans 
will be able to breathe a sigh of relief when it comes to their energy 
needs. Chris Wright, whom the President has tapped to lead his 
Department of Energy, will bring a wealth of experience in the oil and 
gas sector, and he has been an outspoken advocate for economic growth 
and American entrepreneurship.
  I also look forward to working with former Congressman Lee Zeldin, 
whom the President has chosen to be the administrator of the 
Environmental Protection Agency.
  And then there is the former Governor of North Dakota, Doug Burgum, 
an outstanding choice to lead the Department of the Interior. He will 
bring a fresh perspective to Washington from his excellent track record 
as Governor.
  I look forward to working with each of these Cabinet nominees, and I 
hope they will embrace the all-of-the-above energy strategy that 
includes all forms of energy, something that Texas has always 
championed.
  Texas-based companies are making serious strides in energy 
innovation. Every day, they are finding new ways to make our most 
prevalent and affordable energy sources cleaner. But, to that end, 
there is a lot of work that needs to be done to reverse the damage 
caused by the current administration.
  First off, the President's pause on LNG exports must be lifted. As 
many Texans know, LNG is one of the cleanest sources of energy on the 
planet. If activists are serious about working in good faith to lower 
CO<inf>2</inf> emissions, they should be pushing for more--not less--
LNG that, produced here in the United States, could be provided to our 
friends and allies around the world.
  When our European allies and others can't access American LNG, they 
have to turn elsewhere to ensure that they can keep the lights on. 
Alternative countries like Russia and Saudi Arabia don't have nearly 
the same environmental standards as we have here. The last thing the 
United States should do is to cause our allies to rely more on Vladimir 
Putin and Russia for their energy needs, but that is the consequence of 
President Biden's policies.
  I spoke yesterday on how China, Iran, Russia, and North Korea are 
working in concert to undermine American interests around the world in 
a very dangerous situation. It is not an overstatement to say that 
President Biden's ban on LNG exports directly advances the interests of 
this axis of authoritarians. That is dangerous.
  It is clear that we need to be producing more domestic energy of all 
kinds to support not only our domestic needs but our friends and allies 
around the world, and President Trump has made a great choice to help 
advance that effort.
  Over at the Department of the Interior, I hope that Governor Burgum 
will get to work quickly to reform and streamline the permitting 
process for energy activities on Federal lands. This is one of the most 
serious self-inflicted wounds that the U.S. Government has inflicted on 
itself by restricting access to streamlining permitting.
  Another pressing issue for the incoming administration is that NEPA 
is in desperate need of reform. These are the environmental review 
programs.
  Under the Biden administration's unwielding handling of this process, 
costs and timelines have been unpredictable, making it nearly 
impossible to tap the vast natural resources our Nation is so 
abundantly blessed with.
  My Republican colleagues and I stand ready to work all of these 
nominees to reverse the harmful policies of the current administration, 
like the tailpipe rule, turbocharge America's energy sector, and pass 
commonsense permitting reform.
  I look forward to working with President Trump's team, and I am 
confident that together we can put the full forces of the Texas energy 
sector back on display and once again unleash affordable, reliable, and 
secure energy right here in America.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from West Virginia.








[Pages S6768-S6772]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                         Farewell to the Senate

  Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, my friends and colleagues, today I rise 
with a full heart and an overwhelming sense of gratitude. It has been 
the honor of my life to represent my great State of West Virginia and 
this great country of ours.
  Fourteen years ago, I walked in this building not knowing what to 
expect. I had just left the best public service job of my life as the 
Governor of my great State of West Virginia. Everything I knew about 
the Senate I had heard and learned from Robert C. Byrd. Though I was 
stepping into his seat, I knew I could never, ever fill his shoes. But 
I truly believed that I could continue to bring our commonsense West 
Virginia values to Washington and do even more for our great State and 
our country. I really believed that in my heart.
  Throughout my life as a public servant, I had seen the power of good 
people coming together to solve tough problems. Sometimes we thought it 
was impossible, but we did it.
  Now as my time here comes to an end, I want you to know my belief in 
the potential of this institution and each and every one of you that 
represent it remains as strong as ever. I have said this, I believe in 
you probably more than you believe in yourself at times.
  You don't come into politics looking for fame or fortune--or at least 
you shouldn't. You come in because you believe you can make a 
difference in

[[Page S6769]]

helping your neighbor, your community, and the country that has given 
you so very much.
  I was not elected to take a side. I was elected to represent all 
sides. The only side I ever truly believed in is the American side, 
which I believe we all belong to. And that is why I entered public 
service all those years ago. It was not a dream of mine to be a 
politician or be in public service. But I can say with a clear 
conscience that I have always tried to serve the people first, putting 
country before party, principle before politics.
  Each and every one of us are products of our environment. We are who 
we are because of who raised us, where we were raised, and how we are 
were raised. It never should leave you. It never has.
  I was raised in Farmington, just a small coal mining town in West 
Virginia, where we learned early on the best way to get ahead was roll 
up your sleeves and get to work. Pretty simple. My grandparents were 
born in Czechoslovakia on my mother's side and Italy on my father's 
side. They all came to the country in search of this American dream 
they heard about. They were thrown into survival mode early on. And 
they wanted a better life for themselves, but, most importantly, for 
the generations to follow.
  They all taught me the value of a good education combined with hard 
work and the importance of helping others. Always be conscious of your 
surroundings and the people around you. From them I learned a core 
principle: You have a moral obligation to help those who can't help 
themselves. Very clear.
  Able-bodied people who fall on hard times don't need a continuous 
handout. What they need is a hand up to get back in the fight of life. 
I believe the greatest gift you can give someone when they are 
struggling is a job. It is not just about earning a paycheck; it is 
about dignity and purpose and the hope that goes with it.
  I have always believed that this was true for government too. 
Government is not designed to be your provider. It is designed to be 
your partner--and the best partner you ever had.
  The most effective government programs are the ones that people get 
to work. They give them a sense of purpose and help them build a better 
future. During the Great Depression--and all of us who know our 
history--do you ever remember the Federal Government sending anybody a 
check? Not one time did we ever hear of FDR sending checks out. He sent 
hope and opportunity. And we rebuilt America. We did it. We put 
people back to work. That is really what it is all about. Government is 
there to help you during difficult times. There are Americans out there 
today--many, many Americans all over our great country--that need a 
second chance. They really do. And we should give it to them. That is 
our responsibility.

  For example, in 1946, the Federal Government intervened to stop a 
nationwide coal strike because it was destroying our economy coming out 
of the north. Something had to be done. In exchange for returning to 
work, the United Mine Workers of America received a guarantee from the 
Federal Government that their pensions and their healthcare benefits 
that they had worked for and earned would be guaranteed for them for 
their life.
  Over the next 60 years, Congress had to step up to make good on this 
promise as individual coal companies' bankruptcies threatened to take 
away all they earned--everything.
  In 2019, after Murray Energy declared bankruptcy, the entire system 
was on the verge of collapse. And nearly 100,000 coal miners--not just 
from my State but all over the country--and their families were about 
to lose everything, nothing to look forward to. Every one of us stepped 
up. Democrats, Republicans worked together to make sure we fulfilled 
the promise that the government made 60 years ago.
  But somewhere along the way, government stopped being a partner and 
started being a provider. It is not good for people who end up trapped 
in a system of dependency and poverty, which we all have some in our 
States--some have it way more than others. It is time to put the 
relationship between government and the people back in its proper 
place.
  When I started in the West Virginia State House of Delegates, I was 1 
of 100--1 of 100. I went to the State senate and became 1 of 34. Then I 
became secretary of state. Then I became Governor of the State of West 
Virginia. At every step, I asked myself one simple question: How can I 
be in a position to help more people in my State--1 of 100 and 1 of 34 
and 1 of 1?
  Then I had the opportunity to go to the Senate to really do something 
extraordinary for the whole country, helping millions of people. That 
question has been my compass that eventually led me here to the U.S. 
Senate. And that is exactly why we are all sitting here, I believe. And 
when asked what my politics is, I never have hesitated to tell you, I 
am fiscally responsible and socially compassionate. It is the way I was 
raised. Again, you go back to your childhood--where you were raised, 
how you were raised, and who raised you. That was it. Take care of 
yourself and help others when you can.
  As secretary of state, I launched a program called SHARES, Saving 
History and Reaching Every Student. No one had heard anything about 
this. We had to do something because our voter turnout was low, and I 
was secretary of state. I had to get an insurgence there. So we came up 
with this program.
  First, we went into the schools because they weren't teaching it. 
Democracy and education, everything that is needed to be done in the 
schools wasn't being done. What we had done then, we would go in there 
and we taught every high school--every person in West Virginia who was 
17 years of age who would turn 18 on or before the general election 
could vote in the primary at 17 years of age.
  Then we had a contest. Jennings Randolph was the father of this 
contest. We put his name on it. What we did then is we gave out 
certificates and schools of excellence if they got everyone--100-
percent--registered.
  Let me tell you what happened there. Once we got all the kids 
involved and got them wanting to go vote--now that they knew they could 
at 17 years of age and they were going to be 18 before or those who had 
already turned 18--they started taking their parents back, their 
grandparents back, their aunts and uncles. Our voting percentages went 
up tremendously just to get them enthused. I said: We can't get the old 
dogs back in the barn--in the house, but we can teach those old dogs 
new tricks. It wasn't about who won or lost. We wanted them to 
register. We never told them how to register or what party to be in. I 
saw firsthand what we could accomplish.
  So when I tell you it wasn't exactly my plan to join the Senate, when 
Senator Byrd passed away in 2010, I had to make one of the toughest 
political decisions in my life. But I saw an opportunity to serve more 
people and tackle bigger challenges. That weighed on me heavily. Our 
State was in good shape. We worked hard. I had been there 6 years as 
Governor. We worked together tremendously. I thought, man, we can 
really do something together. We will come here and work together.
  I have to admit to you, it was a harder transition than I expected. 
Coming here to Washington was so humbling. It really was. I came in 
thinking, OK, here we go. We are going to work together, just like we 
did in West Virginia, to solve the Nation's problems now--not West 
Virginia problems, but the Nation's problems.

  But it didn't take long for me to see that the divisions here went 
pretty deep. One of my first conversations with Harry Reid--Harry's 
conversations weren't very long, so it was short. He asked me to 
fundraise for Democratic candidates to run against sitting Republican 
Senators--which, I guess, both sides, that is just the way it is. I 
didn't know that.
  Where I come from, they take you behind the barn, and we will have a 
little conversation.
  I told him: Harry, I am not going to raise money to attack my friends 
and colleagues just because they have an R by their name. How do we 
expect to work together when I am working against them when they are in 
the cycle? I am not going to do that.
  Of course, I didn't win a popularity contest with Harry either, but 
it sure felt like the right thing to do. Equally important, it felt 
necessary. If the Senate was going to work on behalf of the people, we 
needed to treat each other

[[Page S6770]]

with respect. I have tried to do that with everybody.
  I don't look at anybody sitting here who I feel is not my friend. I 
feel very strongly about that. I signed an ethics pledge on this floor 
to never campaign against a sitting colleague. I have other colleagues 
sitting here who feel the same as I do. I am looking for more 
signatures. I want to keep working on that. I think it would be 
wonderful if we just controlled ourselves and wouldn't campaign against 
each other. I am a little bit persistent. I am going to give it 
everything I have for the next however many days I have, and I'll still 
be around even a little after that.
  Despite all that, we achieved remarkable things the past 14 years. We 
set a new standard for Wild and Wonderful West Virginia. My colleague 
Senator Capito and I worked on so many things together. I appreciate 
her very much. The New River Gorge became a national park. We just 
agreed to acquire 2,700 acres of the Blackwater Canyon, which is the 
most beautiful venue. We have been trying 20 years to make this happen. 
It is finally coming to fruition.
  The whole country can enjoy something. You can't believe how pretty 
it is. We are anxious to share West Virginia with everybody.
  We maintained West Virginia's status as an energy powerhouse. The 
Mountain Valley Pipeline is flowing. Companies like Nucor, Berkshire 
Hathaway, and Form Energy have brought new facilities to West Virginia 
and thousands of new clean energy jobs.
  Success in West Virginia is part of a larger American story of energy 
innovation and independence. We have always been a powerhouse in 
energy, whether it be coal or natural gas. Now we have wind and solar, 
battery storage, and everything in between.
  In 2023, America produced more energy than ever. I want you to hear 
this. In 2023, we led the world in energy production: 38 trillion cubic 
feet of natural gas was produced; 4.7 billion barrels of crude oil, 
which is a record; 11 billion cubic feet daily of LNG; 238 million 
megawatt-hours of solar; and a record 6.4 gigawatts of new batteries 
installed on the grid. Nowhere in the world does that happen but here 
because of all of us.
  You can't eliminate your way to a cleaner environment. You heard me 
say this so much. You can't eliminate--just quit using stuff. You have 
to innovate through technology. That is why we funded the development 
of regional hydrogen hubs and made sure one of them would be in the 
Appalachia region. It needed to be there because that is where the 
powerhouse is. This is one time California and West Virginia agreed on 
the same thing. We are both from hydrogen hubs, and it worked out well.
  As I have always said, when you hit a pothole, it doesn't care if you 
are a Republican or Democrat. It is going to bust your tire.
  And we needed to do something about infrastructure. We really did. By 
focusing on investing in roads, bridges, airports, pipelines, and 
broadband in the bipartisan infrastructure law--which we all should be 
extremely proud of--we not only created jobs, but we strengthened the 
very economic foundation of this Nation. We had deferred maintenance 
for over 30 years and done nothing about it. But we got to do the job 
that needed to be done. And we did it together.
  In West Virginia, we secured over $1.2 billion in broadband to make 
every resident have access to internet by the end of this decade. We 
have some tough terrain to work in. And they are going to get it, 
thanks to so many of you all sitting right here.
  We also secured funding to finish Corridor H. It has only been on the 
books since 1964. We think we are going to get it done. We have been 
working a long time with this.
  With the Chips and Science Act, the United States is bringing 
semiconductor supply chains back home. We are creating good-paying jobs 
supporting American innovation, manufacturing, and advancing our 
national security.
  West Virginia, like so many States, is one of the most patriotic 
States in the Nation. We are home to many veterans and servicemembers 
today. To honor our veterans, like each one of you, we fought to expand 
veterans' access to healthcare and prevented the closure of VA 
facilities in West Virginia.
  Every day, we work to improve the lives of West Virginians. Together, 
we protected health insurance with preexisting conditions. We brought 
down healthcare costs, including $35 for insulin for seniors and 
established a multifaceted strategy to combat the opium epidemic. That 
is one thing that we have to conquer and we have to cure. It is just 
unbelievable what it has done to our country and each one of your 
States.

  Lastly, since day one in the U.S. Senate, I have worked to protect--
and I want to repeat this--I have worked, and I believe with every bone 
in my body and every fiber in me and every ounce of blood that I have, 
to preserve the bipartisan foundation of this Senate, and that is the 
60-vote threshold of the filibuster. I believe in that with everything 
in me. I do.
  Each of these victories required Senators to come together from both 
sides to find solutions. These were bills that just made common sense, 
and when each side could take a little step to find common ground, 
powerful things happened.
  But with the successes, I have seen more than my share of missed 
opportunities: legislation that was overwhelmingly supported by the 
American public, bills that would have significantly improved the lives 
of millions of Americans, immigration reform, background checks for 
guns, balancing the budget--too many opportunities to fix what is 
broken in America that have slipped right through our fingers--not 
because of any disagreements we might have had or substantial 
disagreements; these opportunities were missed because the politics got 
in the way of doing our job, stopped us from doing it.
  I am not saying that dealing with politics is easy. It is not, and it 
is messy at times. I have had my share of tough votes, and at times, I 
felt like the whole Senate was united in being upset with me. So maybe 
we did. Maybe we were able to bring you together. I don't know. I 
tried.
  Anytime I was confronted with a tough decision--I know you have heard 
me say this--I relied on where I came from, how I was raised, and who 
raised me. I would just tell them: I can't explain this back home. It 
doesn't make sense. I can't vote for it. I am just sorry. Please don't 
be upset. It is who I am.
  And you all have been tolerant at times.
  If it didn't make sense, as I said, I couldn't vote for it.
  The stark reality is that we face some serious challenges today. In 
one of my first hearings in the Armed Services Committee, I asked 
former admiral Mike Mullen, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff--
I asked the general: What is the greatest threat facing our country?
  I had been a Governor. I had not been in Armed Services. I had just 
gotten there. And I think I see my Senators shaking their heads--they 
were there with me. We asked that question, and I was chomping at the 
bit. What is he going to tell me? He never hesitated, never missed a 
minute. He said: Our national debt, which is more threatening than any 
other country's military might, will take us down first. The national 
debt will take us down, as it has most developed nations in the world.
  That went through me like--I don't know--just like wildfire.
  So let me just tell you: Today, our national debt is $36 trillion. 
And I know there are Senators here who feel the same as I do. That 
breaks down to $104,000 for every man, woman, and child in America. 
This is not sustainable--not sustainable. This is something you all 
have to cure, and I know you will.
  It is terrifying to think that by the end of this fiscal year, the 
United States will spend more on paying interest on our debt than we 
will to defend our country or help Americans everywhere--more on the 
debt than anything else.
  Our current immigration system is broken. Our southern border is a 
disaster. It is plain and simple: We must secure our border and support 
legal immigration. You can't do one without the other; you have to be 
able to move forward.
  American leadership means standing with our allies and standing up 
against

[[Page S6771]]

authoritarianism. We must continue to support both Israel and Ukraine 
as they fight to protect democratic values.
  We have four countries of major concern we talk about--I think we are 
all in agreement--China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea, all of which 
are basically challenging the international rules-based order, and they 
simply do not share our values. No matter what we do or what we say, no 
matter what we try to entice them with, it is not going to happen. They 
don't share our values.
  Lastly, inflation is driving our high cost of living, and it has to 
be addressed. We can't kick this can down the road any longer. But 
there is nothing we can't solve if we just start working together.
  You may not know this, but one of my favorite memories from this 
place didn't happen in the Senate Chamber; it really happened on the 
boat. A lot of things happened on the boat.
  Anyway, I had invited, like I have done a lot, Senators down. We had 
Senators coming down one day. They were walking down, and Tom Harkin, a 
very progressive Senator from Iowa, a good friend, was there. He said: 
Joe, it is the first time I have been on the Potomac River. I have been 
here for 30 years and have never been on it.
  I said: Good, Tom. Come on, sit down, have a little beverage, and we 
will get things going here.
  About that time, he saw Ted Cruz walking down the ramp to get on the 
boat. He said: Joe, I don't think I can do this.
  I said: What?
  He said: I don't think we can be on the same boat together.
  I said: Come on, Tom, give it a shot.
  Ted got on the boat with Tom, and before you knew it, they started 
talking. I don't know what they were talking about. It probably wasn't 
politics. But by the end of that day, the next day, they started 
working on some amendments together and doing legislation.
  That is just the power of sitting down and listening and getting to 
know each other, and we don't do that much here. It is hard for us to 
get together. We know that. We need more of that in Washington. I hope 
you all make an effort to visit with each other, spend a little bit of 
time.
  I am not going anywhere, gang. The boat is still going to be there. 
You all call me whenever you want to come down. We will get together 
whenever you want.
  Many of our differences pale in comparison to the disagreements 
between the Founding Fathers in 1789, but they understood what was at 
stake, and they were willing to put their differences aside to build 
something extraordinary. We need to recapture that spirit today.
  To my colleagues, I will leave you with this challenge: Every day ask 
yourself, what have I done for my country today? What have I done? Not 
for your party, not for your donors, but for your country. After all, 
that is why we are here. That is the purpose of us being here.
  We have to stop demonizing each other. We have to argue over ideas--
that is fine--but not personalities. You can argue over ideas but not 
personalities. We are all elected, and we all should be respected for 
that.
  George Washington warned us about the dangers of political parties 
dividing our country over 200 years ago, and we are living in the world 
he feared today.
  The easiest vote to take here is no. We all know that. You can retire 
pretty handsomely here if you just vote no on everything, because, you 
know why, there is never going to be a perfect bill. You can always 
find something wrong. You don't have to explain ``no''--you don't--
because half the country is mad at everything anyway.
  So you can get by with a ``no'' vote, but if you want to get 
something done, that is not the purpose of being here. Find another 
job. This is a place where you have to take tough votes, and let's get 
things done.
  The political process has taught us that Americans want to be for 
something. They want to be for something--something that captures the 
hearts and captures the minds of people to give them something to live 
for. It is not enough to just run against something or someone; be for 
something.
  As I look around the Chamber and I think back on the good times and 
bad times, I want you to know I still believe in this system. I really 
do. I believe in the purpose of what we have and basically the 
challenges we have before us. I believe in the institution of democracy 
and the need to cherish it.
  We have created something pretty special here in America, and no one 
ever thought it could be done, especially for 240 years. And we still 
can do great things. We can have a military--that is still peace 
through strength--while also having compassion. We can have financial 
stability and prosperity while still helping Americans and people 
around the world in need. We can do all that.
  You hear people talk about the American dream like it is some kind of 
a myth, like it is gone; we don't have it anymore. I want to tell you 
this: I am standing here, as many of you are here, because of that 
American dream. You don't hear people chasing the China dream or the 
Russian dream. I never heard anyone say: Oh, I am thinking about that 
China dream or that Russian dream. That is because the American dream 
is unique. There is nothing like it. Think about it. Look around. There 
is nothing like what we have got. It is about freedom and opportunity 
and the belief that if you work hard, you play by the rules, you can 
build a good life, and it is the only dream that allows you to control 
your own destiny, the only dream that you can control.
  Thomas Jefferson once said, ``I like the dreams of the future better 
than the history of the past.'' Think about that. ``I like the dreams 
of the future better than the history of the past.''
  I believe in our future, I believe in the American people, and I 
believe that when we come together, great things are going to happen.
  We are better because we put around us all these wonderful people, 
these staff, as I look around. None of us could do it without them. I 
don't need to tell any of you how we feel about our staff. I have staff 
that is currently with me, and I have staff that have moved on, and I 
can only say: Thank you. I love you.
  With that, they are the backbone. They do all the hard work, and they 
know that. I try to say thank you as much as I can. I am not good at it 
as much as I should be, but I think they know in my heart how I feel 
about each and every one of them. I hope so.
  I am also here with the most important assets of my life--my wife 
Gayle up there and my family. I have my children, I have my 
grandchildren, I have my brothers and sisters, my brothers-in-law and 
sisters-in-laws--I have everybody here. I just appreciate and love you 
all so much.
  Really, without our family and the support of our family, we couldn't 
do it. They put up with so much.
  I always wondered why my Uncle Jimmy--my Uncle Jimmy was really a 
character--why he was missing at so many of the functions we had at the 
holidays. He was always out politicking somewhere. They had to have him 
here or there. I said ``My goodness, we are more important than that,'' 
and then I found myself 35 years old, getting into the same thing I 
condemned him for--not being around. It is a calling. It really is.
  So to my wife and to all of you, I want to say thank you. I love you, 
honey, and I love all of you.
  I love all my staff and all of you. I know you are going to do great 
things.
  Any of you all looking for good staff, there are some good people 
sitting around here that you are going to maybe want to talk to.
  As I told you, the boat is still going to be docked here. Anytime you 
want to have a gathering, please call. I will be there. We will put it 
on for you. We will have a good time. We will have the dancing and the 
music and all.
  Chuck said some nice comments on the floor, but he left out one 
thing. Every time we have been on the boat, one thing we do at the 
end--do you remember? Lee Greenwood, ``Proud to be an American.'' We 
all hug each other in a circle. That is what it is all about. That is 
more of what the country needs right now. It needs more of us together, 
listening to each other, respecting each other, working together.
  So I would like to say this: God has blessed me and blessed you with 
the opportunity to do something for a lot of people. They are counting 
on us. And I think the challenges before you are going to be more 
daunting than ever

[[Page S6772]]

before. But, again, I said I believe in you more than you believe in 
yourself. I know you are up to the challenge. I know you will do the 
job. I really do. I believe that. I am going to be rooting, screaming, 
and hollering for my team. This is my team. All the D's and the R's and 
the I's--you are my team, and I love each and every one of you.
  Thank you for giving me the honor of a lifetime to serve in I think 
the greatest deliberative body the world has ever known and ever will 
know--the United States Senate.
  God bless the State of West Virginia, and may God continue to bless 
the United States of America.
  (Applause.)
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from West Virginia.








[Pages S6772-S6775]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                       Tribute to Joe Manchin III

  Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, a few of us have some remarks to make 
about the honored Senator from West Virginia. When he is finished with 
his hugs, we will continue.
  Mr. President, I want to say to my friend Joe Manchin, wonderful 
speech. It really had a lot of meaning for me as someone who knows you 
very well but also to all of us. You have touched everybody's life in 
this room and many people beyond.
  So I just want to say a few words about my colleague and my friend 
and my fellow Senator from West Virginia, Senator Joe Manchin. In just 
a few short weeks, Senator Manchin--but we all call him ``Joe''--will 
be retiring from the Senate. But it is safe to say, and he has already 
guaranteed us, that it will not be the last time that we hear from him.
  Before he leaves us, I would just like to take a moment to highlight, 
from my perspective, his impressive and successful career for the 
country but particularly for our State of West Virginia.
  I would also like to acknowledge Joe's better half Gayle, up there, 
and his wonderful family. Gayle has endured all the hard work that 
comes with public service in her own right, and I would like to 
personally thank her and both of them as a great couple but also a 
wonderful and beautiful family that you have. I am so happy that they 
are here today.
  It seems just like yesterday that Joe was knocking on my door at 1010 
Wilkie Drive in Charleston, WV. He was there to measure the carpet in 
the house that my husband and I had just purchased as newlyweds. This 
was over 40 years ago. And he measured that carpet, and he told me 
after I recounted the story to him later, he could lay that carpet 
today if he needed to.
  So fast forward. Today, Joe is serving in his 14th year as a U.S 
Senator, after serving our State in the House of Delegates, in the 
State senate, secretary of state, and as Governor. We went through a 
couple tragedies, really tough tragedies, when Joe was our Governor. 
And I can say, with maybe one exception--maybe my dad or they might be 
equal--I have never seen such a compassionate, empathetic, and 
effective Governor during really, really tough times.
  So I am going to miss working side by side with him, but I know that 
the relationship we have built over these years will continue for years 
to come.
  Joe has been the senior Senator from West Virginia for all of my 10 
years of my tenure, and the reality is, I have got big shoes to fill 
here. And in case I forget that, Joe reminds me of that every single 
day. Sometimes we disagree. But when we disagree, we do it respectfully 
and on the merits. We might disagree; we don't become disagreeable. The 
next day, we get up and fight for the things we both believe in, and 
that is to focus our energy on improving the lives of our neighbors. 
That is how Joe sees his constituents: Everybody is Joe's neighbor.
  And that is what makes him a relentless advocate for our State. We 
have the same goals--all of us do--in mind of helping our States and 
our constituents. And in some ways, Joe and I have served like a tag 
team for our State. Sometimes he shows up when I can't get there, and 
he fills in for me. I show up when he can't get there, and I will fill 
in for him. And then we can come from both--we can do the double press. 
We can come from the Republican side, the Democrat side, and now we got 
the Independent side on our side. So we can really press, I think, and 
what that does is really has West Virginia punching above our weight 
here in the U.S. Senate.
  It could be backing West Virginia jobs and economic development, 
fighting for our coal miners, standing up for our veterans, or 
addressing the challenges that face our rural communities. Joe has 
always led with conviction and a very steady hand.
  I don't have time to list all of the efforts and successes that we 
have been able to work on together, and he has done many of these 
before I got here and way before I even became a Senator: UMWA pension 
bill, you mentioned that; New River Gorge Park and Preserve, huge 
victory for us; economic development issues that Joe mentioned; 
bipartisan infrastructure law; Mountain Valley Pipeline; Appalachian 
Regional Clean Hydrogen Hub. It is interesting we have the same sort of 
recall of the things that we have been able to work on--Jessie's Law 
that Joe really pushed through in memory of a friend, a fellow State 
Senator whose daughter lost her life in an overdose, and so many, many 
more.
  He has enlisted me to help steer him sometimes to get the West 
Virginia victories, and I am so proud of the accomplishments that we 
have had together. So thank you for that partnership, Joe. It has 
really been important to me.
  Aside from his love of our home State, Joe possesses many other 
qualities worthy of a leader and a statesman. There is much to say 
about Joe Manchin. He is a dealmaker for sure--probably started as a 
salesman, yes--voice of reason, a defender, as he said, of Senate 
traditions, and as Politico said, ``The most powerful man in 
Washington.''
  What do we think about that, Joe?
  I assume Joe would just as well want to be remembered as a good and 
steady friend. There are people in West Virginia who say: If you want a 
friend, get a dog. I wasn't sure if I was actually going to say that in 
light of your successor, but I said it anyway. I assure you those folks 
have never met Joe Manchin.
  Twenty years ago, I joined an all-male, all-Democrat West Virginia 
delegation here in Washington. I joked with Joe that I forced them to 
get out of the male restroom so we could have a delegation meeting, but 
Joe was always a warm and welcoming presence. He always picks up the 
phone if you need to chat; he is always ready for a joke, that is for 
sure; and he has been a shoulder to lean on during personal times.
  When he was Governor, Joe and Gayle Manchin invited my whole family 
back to the Governor's mansion, where my parents had lived for 12 
years, to show us around. It was a really special evening. It was a 
simple and kind gesture that meant a lot to our whole family, 
especially my mom and dad.
  Years later, at my father's funeral, Joe delivered the eulogy and 
talked about his good friend, my dad, whom Joe always called ``Chief.''
  Joe has always been there for every West Virginia family. I will note 
that sometimes Joe can be just a bit too present. When I am home in 
West Virginia, he is sometimes like a shadow. I won't even tell about 
the last time I saw you. He is sometimes like a shadow I can't shake. 
One night many Christmases ago, I was running out of the house with my 
husband Charlie, and we were late for somewhere we needed to go, but 
the doorbell rings. I open the door. It is a group of Christmas 
carolers. And lo and behold, there is Joe Manchin singing Christmas 
carols. I don't know. They must have needed a baritone. I don't know 
what happened. But he is always there, even when you don't know when 
you really need him.

  And my colleagues can testify, he has more energy than anybody I have 
ever met. He is everywhere. He is always traveling. He has always got 
that leg going too. I have noticed that. And he is always going fast. 
He has a prodigious lead foot--one I have personally experienced myself 
riding on motorcycles and in cars with him while traversing the country 
roads of West Virginia.
  There was the one time we were traveling home late at night together. 
We were just going into Beckley, and I turned to Joe, and I said: Have 
you ever been stopped for speeding?

[[Page S6773]]

  He said: More times than you would want to know.
  The reason I asked, because I saw the light in the rearview mirror. 
Here he comes. The guy leans in, takes one look. The trooper leans in, 
takes one look at Joe and says: Hey, Governor.
  And then Joe leans over to me and says: Well, look who I have got 
over here.
  And the trooper says: Just be careful going on up the turnpike. But 
before I leave, can I take a selfie with the two of you?
  We haven't seen that.
  I happened to believe every man or woman lucky enough to be elected 
to the Senate embodies the unique qualities of his or her State, and 
that is Joe in a nutshell, an honest, caring, hard-working individual, 
with a bit of West Virginia appetite for exciting and dangerous. That 
is because Joe's roots run deep in West Virginia. He is West Virginian 
through and through. Never does his gaze wander from what he sees as 
his moral obligation to improve the lives of West Virginians. Joe's 
love of the Mountain State is the engine that powered his pursuit of 
public office, and I am sure it will continue to power his efforts once 
he leaves.
  Joe may be leaving us, but I suspect his presence will continue to be 
felt in the many lasting relationships he has created over the years of 
his public service. I am even more certain that Joe will always be 
available for that phone call.
  So congratulations, again, Joe. It has been a privilege to serve with 
you, and thank you for everything you have done for our State and our 
Nation. We are very appreciative.
  I yield the floor.
  (Applause, Senators rising.)
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Helmy). The Senator from Maine.
  Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, Senator Joe Manchin often recalls these 
words of wisdom from his grandmother:

       People don't care how much you know until they know how 
     much you care.

  Knowledge and caring define Joe's public service, both here in the 
Senate and as Governor of his beloved West Virginia.
  He has always been knowledgeable on the issues and offers practical 
solutions to real problems. He cares so deeply and so personally about 
the people he serves and, just as important, about the values that 
define America.
  With our Nation increasingly polarized by extremists on both the far 
left and the far right, Joe is something that we need more of: an 
extreme moderate. As fiercely independent as the people of the Mountain 
State, he has demonstrated time and again the strength to stand against 
the destructive trend of hyperpartisanship, for Joe understands that 
politics is the art of compromise. He knows that working with those on 
opposite sides of an issue, figuring out what matters most to each 
side, and negotiating in good faith produces the best legislation that 
will withstand the test of time.
  Joe has been such a positive force throughout his Senate service. In 
2013, he was among the first Senators to join in forging an agreement 
to end a destructive government shutdown that was causing so much harm 
to our economy and to the faith of the American people who deserved to 
have their government operating. It was a courageous act for a freshman 
Senator, but he did it because it was the right thing to do.
  In his firm stand--which we heard about again today--against 
eliminating the filibuster, we see another example of his courage and 
respect for this hallowed institution. He understands that this 
longstanding tradition of the Senate protects the rights of the 
minority and produces better legislation because it forces us to work 
together.
  Joe has also been such a dear friend, and it has been a privilege to 
work closely with him on so many vital issues. After the turmoil 
following the 2020 election, we joined together to lead the bipartisan 
negotiations that produced the Electoral Count Reform Act.
  Joe was also, as we have heard from his colleague from West Virginia, 
1 of the 10 Senators who negotiated the historic Infrastructure 
Investment and Jobs Act, the most significant investment in American 
infrastructure since the establishment of the Interstate Highway System 
in the 1950s. He was vital in securing that long overdue victory for 
the American people.
  Being an extreme moderate is not a job for the faint of heart. It 
means taking a lot of incoming fire from both sides of the political 
spectrum. But Senator Joe Manchin never flinches, and he always puts 
progress and problem-solving ahead of partisanship.
  It has been such an honor to work closely with Joe on countless 
issues and to call him my dear friend. And, yes, I have had some 
wonderful times on that boat, the details of which will remain forever 
sealed.
  I wish him and his wonderful wife Gayle all of the best in the years 
to come.
  And I just have to say, Joe, I will miss you so much.
  (Applause.)
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.
  Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I join my colleagues in rising to 
congratulate Senator Manchin on his highly successful and impactful 
career representing his home State of West Virginia in the U.S. Senate.
  We know he served for 14 years. Over the last 4 years, he and I 
served together, and he served with great distinction as the chairman 
of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee. I had the honor, during 
those years, to work side by side with him as the ranking member of 
that committee, and I would just like to say that Senator Manchin has 
been a terrific partner to work with.
  On issue after issue, Joe Manchin has demonstrated a resolute 
commitment to bipartisanship. During his Senate career, he has honored 
the most defining and sacred traditions of this very body. Under his 
leadership, we have enacted important legislation, bipartisan in 
nature, that will make America and our allies stronger in not just the 
years but in decades to come.
  Working together, we enacted the Nuclear Fuel Security Act, 
legislation to rebuild America's nuclear fuel supply chain. We renewed 
the compacts for free association to ensure that America does not cede 
ground to China in the Indo-Pacific, and we enacted a ban on the 
imports of Russian uranium to choke off the funds that Putin has used 
for his war machine. And, in July--this very July--under his 
leadership, we did what very few people thought was possible: We 
actually advanced permitting reform legislation with broad bipartisan 
support, passing the committee 15 to 4.
  None of this would have happened without Joe Manchin's patience, his 
persistence, and his perseverance. So I want to express my personal 
gratitude to Joe Manchin and his entire family. I want to thank him for 
working with Republicans. I want to thank him for his steadfast support 
of the filibuster. And I want to thank him for putting the American 
people and this U.S. Senate ahead of any personal or party interests.
  I know I speak for many--and it was an astounding number of people 
and Senators on the Senate floor for his farewell address--when I say 
we are indebted to him, and we are going to miss him. He did important 
work in this body. He passed impactful legislation, and he leaves us 
with important lessons for the future.
  We will miss you. We wish you the very, very best.
  (Applause.)
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.
  Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I want to make sure we give a little bit 
of the Democratic response.
  I had the opportunity to get to know Joe and Gayle--Lisa and I did--
when he was a Governor. And Joe gave this incredibly moving, important 
speech today. He left out one small part, because when he was making 
the decision to leave--Gayle, as you know, he has described it many 
times as the best job ever--he called me. And I said: Joe, come here, 
and we can do a whole lot of things.
  And I say to my Republican colleagues, he was that independent streak 
from his first caucus meeting. We had our caucus lunch. You know, he 
did not adhere to the ``freshman should be seen but not speak.'' So he 
got up, early on in the lunch, and was already complaining about the 
job. He sat down, and, I swear to goodness--and, Gayle, we have talked 
about this--at the end of the lunch, he got up for a second time 
because he wanted to remind us that when he was Governor of the great 
State of West Virginia, he

[[Page S6774]]

had two airplanes, a helicopter, and control of the whole National 
Guard, and now he is reduced to a junior Senator.
  Over the years, he has reminded me often of that call. As people 
talked, he sometimes would complain about the process or what was 
happening this week or that week on the floor. And as has been echoed 
by everyone else, one of the things that Joe always stood for and has 
always been about is this notion that we ought to reason together. We 
have been in more groups or gangs--or whatever description you want to 
have of a bipartisan association--whenever that has happened, in his 14 
years in the Senate, he has been involved in every one of them.
  And the list of accomplishments that you laid out and your 
colleagues--our friends from the Republican side--laid out, that is a 
remarkable body of work, and it is a tribute not only to your staff and 
your family. It is also a tribute to the great people of West Virginia. 
And, quite honestly, this country is better because of your bipartisan 
work in the U.S. Senate.
  And I join with all who love you and your family. We know you are not 
going far. We look forward to many times of bringing us together in the 
future.
  And I think, at some point, you owe it to the body to acknowledge 
that you are actually glad you made that change to come to this body. 
West Virginia is better for it. The country is better for it. And I 
know it has been a challenge at times for the family, but, at the end 
of the day, I know they are incredibly proud of the great work you have 
done.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Utah.
  Mr. ROMNEY. Mr. President, I am not going to take long because I know 
we are delayed from a vote. But I had the privilege of working with 
this young man from West Virginia for some time. As a matter of fact, 
as the chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, he took 
responsibility for overseeing the national parks, and he had never been 
to the State that has five of them, the State of Utah. So I invited him 
and his wife Gayle to come visit us in Utah and visit some of our 
national parks. And we walked together and hiked together, and he made 
sure that Gayle was able to make it through all of the rocks and 
crevices and see the beauty of our great land, one more State.
  But I have come to know this man not just by virtue of his physical 
prowess but as a man of character. And a number of people have spoken 
about the legislation that he has worked on, and we worked together on 
several pieces of legislation and accomplished a great deal. But that 
which has stood out in my experience with Joe Manchin is that he is a 
man who stands by his belief. He is a man of principle and character. 
And my life's lesson has been that one person of conscience and 
character can change a whole nation. And Joe has had that kind of 
influence on the people of his State and the people around him, the 
people in this body, and the people in our Nation. And so I salute, 
along with my colleagues, the great Senator from the State of West 
Virginia, Joe Manchin.
  Thank you, my friend.
  (Applause.)
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from West Virginia.
  Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I want to thank each and every one of my 
colleagues--all of you. And it has been an honor of a lifetime. It 
truly has been. And it is something that I will take with me for the 
rest of my life. And my family will too. But I really mean this: I 
think there are so many good people who are serving here and who have 
served here and will continue to serve in honor and dignity and respect 
and making sure that we do the job we were elected to do.
  With that, let me just say to all of you, thank you for the kindness 
you have showed me, the friendship. And I am not a ``big dog'' person. 
So I need each one of you all to be my friend, and I appreciate that so 
much.
  Mr. President, before I forget, I want to ask unanimous consent to 
have printed in the Record a list of all my staff for the last 14 
years.
  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in 
the Record, as follows:

       Lauren Alfred, 2011-2012; Brian Aluise, 2017-2024; D. Todd 
     Anderson, 2011-2014; Bianca Andre, 2018-2021; Sylvia Asbury, 
     2017-2025; Ryan Atassi, 2023-2025; Armando Avila, 2019-2022; 
     R. Taylor Barden, 2015; Michael Barker, 2012-2014; Luke 
     Bassett, 2019-2022; Charlotte Bellotte, 2019-2022; John 
     Beresford, 2020-2021; Terri Berkley, 2018-2025; Kimberly 
     Berry, 2015-2025; Adam Berry, 2019-2022; Anthony Bethas, 
     2023-2024; Emily Bittner, 2011-2013; Renae Black, 2019-2025; 
     Mara Boggs, 2012-2025; Christopher Bowman, 2023-2025.
       Peter Bowman, 2015; Bailey Bradley, 2023-2024; Elizabeth 
     Breckenridge, 2011; Tyler Brewster, 2019-2021; Jennifer 
     Brody, 2014; John David Brooks, 2019-2025; Jordan Brossi, 
     2021-2023; Mary Jo Brown, 2011-2018; Robert Brown, 2022-2023; 
     Perrin Brown, 2022-2025; Michael Browning, 2012-2025; Jan 
     Brunner, 2012-2015; Emma Bryan, 2017-2023; Nicole Buell, 
     2019-2022; Michael Burgio, 2018; Erin Burns, 2011-2015; 
     Charles Byers, 2021; Megan Caldwell, 2023-2024; Douglass 
     Calidas, 2016-2017; Maria Camacho, 2023.
       Christopher Cannon, 2015-2016; Phillip Cantrell, 2015; 
     Gregory Carroll, 2024; Kevin Carson, 2018-2021; Trevor 
     Carson, 2024-2025; Katherine Cassling, 2014-2019; Emily 
     Castleberry, 2010-2015; Taylor Chapman, 2023-2024; Olivia 
     Chartier, 2020-2023; Christopher Chiles, 2013-2016; Benjamin 
     Cichorz, 2016; John Conrad, 2024-2025; Alexandra Conroy, 
     2012-2015; Marcus Constantino, 2019-2025; Seth Coppe, 2014-
     2015; Clayton Crabtree, 2012-2015; Russell Cummings, 2012; 
     Milisa Cutlip, 2010-2011; Alexander Damato, 2015-2017; Bryer 
     Davis, 2016-2021.
       Roseanna Davis, 2010-2012; Jonathan Deem, 2010-2011; Jobeth 
     Delawder, 2018-2022; Clayton Deutsch, 2023-2025; Robert 
     Diznoff, 2010-2012; Sean Dzierzanowski, 2022; Marion Emerson, 
     2021-2022; Anna Engle, 2018-2025; Chase Farmer, 2011-2015; 
     Emily Farnell, 2015-2020; Grace Fennell, 2015-2016; Roseann 
     Ferro, 2021-2025; Sam Fowler, 2019-2025; Amelia Fox, 2021-
     2022; Samuel Frazier, 2010-2011; Seth Gainer, 2018-2023; 
     Michael Garcia, 2017-2023; Lee Garton, 2010-2015; James 
     Gaylor, 2021; Molly George, 2010-2012.
       Daniel Gilbert, 2013; Kelley Goes, 2011-2013; Marni 
     Goldberg, 2011-2012; Katherine Goldstuck, 2024-2025; Kimberly 
     Good, 2010-2018; William Gorby, 2014; Christopher Gould, 
     2010-2011; Geraldine Greene, 2010-2020; Christopher Gsell, 
     2014-2015; Mary Jo Guidi, 2012-2025; Phil Hancock, 2019-2021; 
     Jonathan Harris, 2022-2023; Peggy Hawse, 2011-2018; Clayton 
     Patrick Hayes, 2011-2019; Erin Heeter, 2019-2023; Lauren 
     Herbster, 2013-2016; Grant Herring, 2019; Christine Hewett, 
     2010-2022; Alex Hewitt, 2023-2025; Michael Hill, 2011-2012.
       Amanda Hoffman, 2021-2022; Bridget Hogan, 2018-2019; 
     Madeline Hornbuckle, 2019-2020; Spenser Horton, 2022-2024; 
     Elliot Howard, 2016-2021; Zachary Hoyle, 2015-2018; Alyse 
     Huffman, 2023-2025; Paul Hutton, 2014-2015; Ainsley Jamieson, 
     2023-2025; Frank Jezioro, 2015-2025; Turner Jones, 2024-2025; 
     Andi Jordon, 2023-2025; Jordan Kahn, 2019; Christoph Keller, 
     2011-2012; Kenneth Kern, 2015; Sarah Kessel, 2021-2025; 
     Nicholas Kilmer, 2023-2025; Francis King, 2010-2011; Charles 
     Kinney, 2010-2011; Clara Kinney, 2023.
       Chris Kofinis, 2010-2012; Jonathan Kott, 2013-2019; Wes 
     Kungel, 2015-2025; Jason Lambert, 2017; Sam Lane, 2023-2025; 
     David Laporte, 2011-2016; Charlotte Laracy, 2023-2025; 
     Jennifer Laux, 2023-2025; Malgorzata Lawrynowicz, 2011-2013; 
     Ivan Lee II, 2014-2015; Collen Lewis, 2016-2025; Carrie 
     Libell, 2022; Lauren Linn (Strickland), 2011-2014; Katherine 
     Longo, 2011-2015; Thomas Lucas, 2015-2021; Wendy Madden, 
     2022-2024; Leigh Maiden, 2015-2018; Amber McCartney, 2011-
     2022; Katey McCutcheon, 2015-2020; Jack McGee, 2019-2024.
       Keith McIntosh, 2010-2025; Joanne McLaughlin, 2010-2012; 
     Allison McNeill, 2014-2018; Kirtan Mehta, 2011-2015; Lisa 
     Michalek, 2010-2011; Deborah Miller, 2010-2014; Erica Miller, 
     2013; Alison Mitchell, 2015-2024; Travis Mollohan, 2010-2014; 
     Robert Moser, 2020; Sean Mullin, 2023-2025; Ryan Murguia, 
     2022-2025; Cameron Nelson, 2017-2021; Erik Neville, 2015-
     2017; Ricky Nussio, 2016-2017; John O'Donnell, 2014-2015; 
     Maggie Oliverio, 2023-2025; Scott Olson, 2023; Jeremy Ortiz, 
     2019-2022; Christopher Osman, 2022-2025.
       Dane Osthoff, 2023; Daniel Palken, 2023-2025; Levi 
     Patterson, 2022-2024; Sara Payne, 2011-2017; Claire Perkins, 
     2018; Jimmy Perry, 2023-2024; Bryan Petit, 2019-2023; Amelia 
     Petrucci, 2022-2025; Melissa Phalen, 2010-2021; Sylvia 
     Pletos, 2010-2011; Anne Raffaelli, 2021-2023; Whitney Ramey 
     Thompson, 2021-2022; Justin Ray, 2016-2018; Angela Retton, 
     2019-2020; Daniel Roberts, 2010-2011; Kathleen Roberts, 2022-
     2025; Lauren Roberts; 2011-2012; Andrew Robinson, 2021-2025; 
     Hayden Rogers, 2013-2015; Holly Rooper, 2019-2020.
       Alyssa Rosa, 2024; David Rosner, 2022-2024; Samantha 
     Runyon, 2015-2023; Sakala Rutherford, 2012-2014; Aaron 
     Scheinberg, 2019-2021; Jessica Sell, 2012-2016; Janice 
     Sessing, 2017; Julian Sham, 2023-2024; Chris Sharer, 2018-
     2025; C. Scott Shepard, 2012-2014; Logan Shomo, 2019-2023; 
     Charles Shull, 2024-2025; Nora Simon, 2024-2025; Janna 
     Simonsen, 2023-2024; Jennifer Smith, 2015-2017; Audrey Smith, 
     2019-2025; Benjamin Spurlock, 2020-2023; Peter Stahley, 2019-
     2024; Lorea Stallard, 2012; Rory Stanley, 2019-2023.
       Sarah Stevenson, 2023; Maria Stonestreet, 2012-2022; Jimmy 
     Strawn, 2024-2025; Sarah Summers, 2024-2025; Hannah Sztorc, 
     2022-2025; Thomas Tarka, 2013; Caitlin Teare, 2011-2012; Ryan 
     Thorn, 2017-2022; Melanie Thornton, 2019-2025; Jessica Tice, 
     2017-2018; Chris Tishue, 2010-2025; Beau Tremitiere, 2012-
     2014; Zahava Urecki, 2016-2025; Brie Van Cleve, 2019-2023; 
     Logan Van De Water, 2022-2025;

[[Page S6775]]

     Aurelyn Van Kirk, 2023-2025; Sarah Venuto, 2016-2019; 
     Benjamin Vester, 2020-2024; Sarah Waddill, 2024-2025; Carol 
     Wallace, 2010-2011.
       Kimberly Waller, 2012-2013; Angela Walsh, 2012-2022; Nick 
     Ward, 2014-2015; Lance West, 2012-2023; Aidan Whitler, 2022-
     2025; Deborah Whitler, 2022; Christopher Williamson, 2012-
     2013; Kadey Witter, 2015-2017; Raymond Wittlinger, 2011; and 
     Michael Youngson, 2015.
  Mr. MANCHIN. Again, I say thank you. God bless you for the 
opportunity and experience of a lifetime. And I love each and every one 
of you.
  (Applause.)
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maryland.
  Mr. CARDIN. Joe, we are letting you have the last word here.

                          ____________________








[Page S6775]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                          LEGISLATIVE SESSION

                                 ______
                                 

                            MORNING BUSINESS

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business, 
with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Page S6775]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                           EXECUTIVE CALENDAR

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
consider the following nomination: Calendar No. 848; that the Senate 
vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate; that the 
motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; and 
that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The clerk will report the nomination.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of the 
following named officers for appointment in the United States Marine 
Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: to be 
Major General, Brig. Gen. Walker M. Field and Brig. Gen. Jason G. 
Woodworth.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and 
consent to Field and Woodworth nominations?
  The nominations were confirmed.

                          ____________________








[Page S6775]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                           EXECUTIVE CALENDAR

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will 
resume consideration of the Brindisi nomination.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority leader.

                          ____________________








[Page S6775]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                     Vote on Weilheimer Nomination

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and 
consent to the Weilheimer nomination?
  Ms. HASSAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?
  There appears to be a sufficient second.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The legislative clerk called the roll.
  Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema) is 
necessarily absent.
  Mr. THUNE. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator 
from Ohio (Mr. Vance).
  The result was announced--yeas 50, nays 48, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 308 Ex.]

                                YEAS--50

     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Booker
     Brown
     Butler
     Cantwell
     Cardin
     Carper
     Casey
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gillibrand
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Helmy
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Manchin
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schumer
     Shaheen
     Smith
     Stabenow
     Tester
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden

                                NAYS--48

     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Braun
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Collins
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Kennedy
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     Moran
     Mullin
     Murkowski
     Paul
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Romney
     Rounds
     Rubio
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tillis
     Tuberville
     Wicker
     Young

                             NOT VOTING--2

     Sinema
     Vance
       
  The nomination was confirmed.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Warnock). Under the previous order, the 
motion to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table, and 
the President will be immediately notified of the Senate's action.

                          ____________________








[Page S6775]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                    Nomination of Gail A. Weilheimer

  Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today, the Senate will vote to confirm 
Pennsylvania State Court Judge Gail Weilheimer to the U.S. District 
Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
  Judge Weilheimer's impressive career as a litigator, combined with 
her experience as a State court judge, will make her an excellent 
addition to the Federal bench.
  After earning both her B.A. and J.D. from Hofstra University, Judge 
Weilheimer began her legal career in public service as an assistant 
district attorney at the Philadelphia District Attorney's Office, where 
she prosecuted a variety of crimes, from misdemeanors and juvenile 
cases to violent crimes.
  Judge Weilheimer then transitioned to private practice, first at 
Abrahams, Loewenstein and Bushman; then Frank & Rosen, LLP; and finally 
at Wisler Pearlstine, LLP. In private practice, she represented various 
clients, from hospitals and doctors to public school districts and 
individuals. In her nearly two decades as a litigator, Judge Weilheimer 
tried more than 400 cases to verdict prior to taking the bench.
  Since 2014, Judge Weilheimer has served as a judge on the Montgomery 
Court of Common Pleas, where she has presided over more than 500 trials 
that have gone to verdict and she has issued more than 200 written 
opinions.
  Judge Weilheimer has the strong support of her home State Senators, 
Mr. Casey and Mr. Fetterman. In addition, she was rated unanimously 
``well qualified'' by the American Bar Association.
  I urge my colleagues to support Judge Weilheimer's nomination.








[Page S6775]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]


                           EXECUTIVE CALENDAR

  Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, on behalf of the majority leader, I ask 
the Chair to execute the order of November 20 with respect to the 
Weilheimer nomination.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination.
  The legislative clerk read the nomination of Gail A. Weilheimer, of 
Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern 
District of Pennsylvania.








[Pages S6775-S6776]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




 RECOGNIZING UNITED ASSOCIATION OF PLUMBERS AND STEAMFITTERS LOCAL 598

  Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I rise today to celebrate the United 
Association of Plumbers and Steamfitters Local 598 as they mark their 
80th anniversary. For eight decades, this organization has been a 
cornerstone of labor in my home State of Washington and an essential 
partner in our Nation's progress.
  In 1944, during a critical time in our history, the U.A. chartered 
Local 598 to support the national security mission at the Hanford site 
in southeastern Washington. Local 598 members were not merely workers; 
they were heroes who played a vital role in constructing the 
infrastructure that safeguarded our country during World War II and the 
Cold War. In recent decades, Local 598 members have been an integral 
part of the Hanford cleanup mission. Their efforts exemplify the labor 
movement's spirit of resilience and commitment to community and 
environmental health. This is not just about history; it is about the 
ongoing journey toward a safer future for all.
  Local 598's impact extends far beyond the Hanford site. Their skilled 
tradespeople have shaped numerous sectors--from energy infrastructure 
and fish hatcheries to schools, hospitals, and manufacturing 
facilities. Through robust training programs and apprenticeships, Local 
598 has continually invested in the next generation of skilled 
craftspeople, ensuring that our workforce is equipped to meet 
contemporary challenges. Their commitment

[[Page S6776]]

to worker safety has established industry standards that other 
organizations strive to emulate, all while advocating tirelessly for 
fair wages, benefits, and working conditions. The legacy of Local 598 
demonstrates that when workers unite, their advocacy benefits not only 
themselves and their families, but also their broader community.
  I extend my heartfelt gratitude and congratulations to Local 598 for 
80 years of unwavering service and commitment to excellence. I look 
forward to continuing to work alongside them to advance labor rights, 
safety standards, and the dignity of work in our great Nation.

                          ____________________








[Page S6776]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        ARMS SALES NOTIFICATIONS

  Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control 
Act requires that Congress receive prior notification of certain 
proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, 
the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be 
reviewed. The provision stipulates that, in the Senate, the 
notification of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the 
Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
  In keeping with the committee's intention to see that relevant 
information is still available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the Record the notifications that have been 
received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such 
an annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign 
Relations Committee, room SD-423.
  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in 
the Record, as follows:

                                                  Defense Security


                                           Cooperation Agency,

                                                   Washington, DC.
     Hon. Benjamin L. Cardin,
     Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations,
     U.S. Senate, Washington, DC.
       Dear Mr. Chairman: Pursuant to the reporting requirements 
     of Section 36(b)(5)(A) of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA), 
     as amended, we are forwarding Transmittal No. 0N-24. This 
     notification relates to enhancements or upgrades from the 
     level of sensitivity of technology or capability described in 
     the Section 36(b)(1) AECA certification 19-11 of April 15, 
     2019.
           Sincerely,
                                                Michael F. Miller,
                                                         Director.
       Enclosures.


                         Transmittal No. 0N-24

     Report of Enhancement or Upgrade of Sensitivity of Technology 
         or Capability (Sec. 36(b)(5)(A), AECA)
       (i) Purchaser: Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative 
     Office (TECRO) in the United States.
       (ii) Sec. 36(b)(1), AECA Transmittal No.: 19-11, Date: 
     April 15, 2019; Implementing Agency: Air Force.
       (iii) Description: On April 15, 2019, Congress was notified 
     by congressional certification transmittal number 19-11 of 
     the possible sale, under Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export 
     Control Act, of the continuation of a pilot training program 
     and maintenance/logistics support for F-16 aircraft then at 
     Luke Air Force Base, Arizona, to include flight training; 
     participation in U.S. Government approved training exercises; 
     inert/dummy training munitions; supply and maintenance 
     support; spares and repair parts; support equipment; U.S. 
     Government program management; publications; documentation; 
     personnel training and training equipment; fuel and fueling 
     services; U.S. Government and contractor engineering, 
     technical, and logistics support services; and other related 
     elements of program and logistical support necessary to 
     sustain a long-term CONUS training program. The estimated 
     total value was $500 million. There was no Major Defense 
     Equipment (MDE) associated with this sale.
       This transmittal reports the inclusion of the following MDE 
     items: seventy-two (72) MAU-209 Computer Control Groups (CCG) 
     for practice GBU-12 Paveway II; seventy-two (72) MXU-650 Air 
     Foil Groups (AFG) for practice GBU-12 Paveway II; thirty-six 
     (36) KMU-572 Joint Direct Attack Munition (JDAM) guidance 
     kits for practice GBU-38; and eighteen (18) MK-82 inert 
     filled bomb bodies. The following non-MDE items will also be 
     included: practice bombs; DSU-38 Laser Illuminated Target 
     Detectors for practice GBU-54 Laser JDAM; AN/PYQ-10 Simple 
     Key Loaders; and classified software delivery and support. 
     The estimated total value of the new items is $7.1 million. 
     These additions will result in an estimated $2.7 million MDE 
     value, and an increase to the non-MDE value by $4.4 million. 
     This will not cause an increase to the estimated previously 
     notified value, which will remain at $500 million.
       (iv) Significance: The additional MDE was not enumerated in 
     the original notification, so represents an increase in 
     capability. The proposed sale will support the recipient to 
     develop mission-ready and experienced pilots through CONUS 
     training.
       (v) Justification: This proposed sale will support the 
     foreign policy and national security of the United States by 
     helping to improve the security and defensive capability of 
     the recipient, which has been and continues to be an 
     important force for political stability, military balance, 
     and economic progress in the region.
       (vi) Sensitivity of Technology:
       The Paveway II is a maneuverable, free-fall Laser Guided 
     Bomb (LGB) that guides to laser energy reflected off the 
     target. The LGB is delivered like a normal general purpose 
     (GP) warhead, but the semi-active laser guidance corrects 
     many of the normal errors inherent in any delivery system. 
     The GBU-12 consists of a 500-pound live or practice bomb body 
     fitted with the MAU-169 or MAU-209 Computer Control Group and 
     MXU-650 Air Foil Group to guide the LGB to its laser 
     designated target.
       Joint Direct Attack Munitions (JDAM) consist of a live or 
     inert bomb body paired with a warhead-specific tail kit 
     containing an Inertial Navigation System (INS)/Global 
     Positioning System (GPS) guidance (EGI) capability that 
     converts unguided free-fall bombs into accurate, adverse 
     weather ``smart'' JDAMs. The practice GBU-38 is a 500-pound 
     JDAM, consisting of a KMU-572 paired with an inert bomb body. 
     The inclusion of a DSU-38 converts a practice GBU-38 JDAM 
     into a practice GBU-54 Laser JDAM by adding a precision laser 
     guidance capability. This provides the optional capability to 
     strike moving targets.
       The MK-82 Inert Filled Bomb is a 500-pound, free-fall, 
     unguided, low-drag, inert weapon used for integration testing 
     and training. It has no explosive fill.
       The AN/PYQ-10 Simple Key Loader is a handheld device used 
     for securely receiving, storing, and transferring data 
     between compatible cryptographic and communications 
     equipment.
       The highest level of classification of defense articles, 
     components, and services included in this potential sale is 
     SECRET.
       (vii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 29, 2024.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6776-S6777]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        ARMS SALES NOTIFICATIONS

  Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control 
Act requires that Congress receive prior notification of certain 
proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, 
the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be 
reviewed. The provision stipulates that, in the Senate, the 
notification of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the 
Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
  In keeping with the committee's intention to see that relevant 
information is still available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the Record the notifications that have been 
received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such 
an annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign 
Relations Committee, room SD-423.
  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in 
the Record, as follows:

                                                  Defense Security


                                           Cooperation Agency,

                                                   Washington, DC.
     Hon. Benjamin L. Cardin,
     Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations,
     U.S. Senate, Washington, DC.
       Dear Mr. Chairman: Pursuant to the reporting requirements 
     of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as 
     amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 24-103, 
     concerning the Air Force's proposed Letter(s) of Offer and 
     Acceptance to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative 
     Office in the United States (TECRO) for defense articles and 
     services estimated to cost $320 million. We will issue a news 
     release to notify the public of this proposed sale upon 
     delivery of this letter to your office.
           Sincerely,
                                                Michael F. Miller,
                                                         Director.
       Enclosures.


                         Transmittal No. 24-103

     Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to 
         Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as 
         amended
       (i) Prospective Purchaser: Taipei Economic and Cultural 
     Representative Office in the United States (TECRO).
       (ii) Total Estimated Value:
       Major Defense Equipment * $0 million.
       Other $320 million.
       Total $320 million.
       Funding Source: National Funds.
       (iii) Description and Quantity or Quantities of Articles or 
     Services under Consideration for Purchase:
       Major Defense Equipment (MDE):
       None.
       Non-Major Defense Equipment: Critical spare and repair 
     parts, consumables and accessories, and repair and return 
     support for F-16 aircraft; Active Electronically Scanned 
     Array (AESA) radar spare parts and support; U.S. Government 
     and contractor engineering, technical, and logistics support 
     services; and other related elements of logistics and program 
     support.
       (iv) Military Department: Air Force (TW-D-QCC).

[[Page S6777]]

       (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: TW-D-MBM.
       (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Offered, or Agreed 
     to be Paid: None known at this time.
       (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense 
     Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None.
       (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 29, 
     2024.
       * As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control 
     Act.


                          POLICY JUSTIFICATION

   Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office in the United 
     States--Spare Parts and Support for F-16 Aircraft and Active 
                  Electronically Scanned Array Radars

       The Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office in 
     the United States (TECRO) has requested to buy critical spare 
     and repair parts, consumables and accessories, and repair and 
     return support for F-16 aircraft; Active Electronically 
     Scanned Array (AESA) radar spare parts and support; U.S. 
     Government and contractor engineering, technical, and 
     logistics support services; and other related elements of 
     logistics and program support. The estimated total cost is 
     $320 million.
       This proposed sale is consistent with U.S. law and policy 
     as expressed in Public Law 96-8.
       This proposed sale serves U.S. national, economic, and 
     security interests by supporting the recipient's continuing 
     efforts to modernize its armed forces and to maintain a 
     credible defensive capability. The proposed sale will help 
     improve the security of the recipient and assist in 
     maintaining political stability, military balance, and 
     economic progress in the region.
       The proposed sale will improve the recipient's ability to 
     meet current and future threats by maintaining the 
     operational readiness of the recipient's fleet of F-16 
     aircraft. The recipient will have no difficulty absorbing 
     this equipment into its armed forces.
       The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not 
     alter the basic military balance in the region.
       This equipment will be transferred from U.S. Government 
     stock. There are no known offset agreements proposed in 
     connection with this potential sale.
       Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the 
     assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor 
     representatives to the recipient.
       There will be no adverse impact on U.S. defense readiness 
     as a result of this proposed sale.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6777-S6778]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                        ARMS SALES NOTIFICATIONS

  Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control 
Act requires that Congress receive prior notification of certain 
proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, 
the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be 
reviewed. The provision stipulates that, in the Senate, the 
notification of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the 
Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
  In keeping with the committee's intention to see that relevant 
information is still available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the Record the notifications that have been 
received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such 
an annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign 
Relations Committee, room SD-423.
  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in 
the Record, as follows:

                                                  Defense Security


                                           Cooperation Agency,

                                                   Washington, DC.
     Hon. Benjamin L. Cardin,
     Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations,
     U.S. Senate, Washington, DC.
       Dear Mr. Chairman: Pursuant to the reporting requirements 
     of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as 
     amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 24-112, 
     concerning the Army's proposed Letter(s) of Offer and 
     Acceptance to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative 
     Office in the United States (TECRO) for defense articles and 
     services estimated to cost $65 million. We will issue a news 
     release to notify the public of this proposed sale upon 
     delivery of this letter to your office.
           Sincerely,
                                                Michael F. Miller,
                                                         Director.
       Enclosures.


                         Transmittal No. 24-112

     Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to 
         Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as 
         amended
       (i) Prospective Purchaser: Taipei Economic and Cultural 
     Representative Office in the United States (TECRO).
       (ii) Total Estimated Value:
       Major Defense Equipment $0.
       Other $65 million.
       Total $65 million.
       Funding Source: National Funds.
       (iii) Description and Quantity or Quantities of Articles or 
     Services under Consideration for Purchase: Foreign Military 
     Sales (FMS) case TW-B-ZCW was below congressional 
     notification threshold at $41.6 million ($0 in MDE) in value 
     and included services related to Improved Mobile Subscriber 
     Equipment (IMSE) and Experimental Force (EXFOR) system 
     follow-on support, including repair and return of equipment; 
     management, replacement, and repair services; U.S. Government 
     liaison support; contract engineering and technical support; 
     logistics; contractor operation and management of the OCONUS 
     Depot, including repair and replacement; and other related 
     elements of logistics and program support. The recipient has 
     requested that the case be amended to extend these services 
     for an additional two years. This amendment will cause the 
     case to exceed the notification threshold, and thus 
     notification of the entire program is required. The above 
     notification requirements are combined as follows:
       Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None.
       Non-Major Defense Equipment: Services related to Improved 
     Mobile Subscriber Equipment (IMSE) and Experimental Force 
     (EXFOR) system follow-on support, including repair and return 
     of equipment; management, replacement and repair services; 
     U.S. Government liaison support; contract engineering and 
     technical support; logistics; contractor operation and 
     management of the OCONUS depot, including repair and 
     replacement; and other related elements of logistics and 
     program support.
       (iv) Military Department: Army (TW-B-ZCW).
       (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: TW-B-ZCS.
       (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Offered, or Agreed 
     to be Paid: None known.
       (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense 
     Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None.
       (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 29, 
     2024.
       *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control 
     Act.


                          POLICY JUSTIFICATION

   Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office in the United 
     States--Improved Mobile Subscriber Equipment Follow-On Support

       The Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office in 
     the United States (TECRO) has requested to buy extended 
     services provided under a previously implemented case whose 
     value was under the congressional notification threshold. The 
     original Foreign Military Sales (FMS) case, valued at $41.6 
     million ($0 in MDE), included services related to follow-on 
     support for the Improved Mobile Subscriber Equipment (IMSE) 
     and Experimental Force (EXFOR) system, including repair and 
     return of equipment; management, replacement, and repair 
     services; U.S. Government liaison support; contract 
     engineering and technical support; logistics; contractor 
     operation and management of the OCONUS depot, including 
     repair and replacement; and other related elements of 
     logistics and program support. This notification is for an 
     extension of those same services for an additional two years. 
     The estimated total cost is $65 million.
       This proposed sale is consistent with U.S. law and policy 
     as expressed in Public Law 96-8.
       This proposed sale serves U.S. national, economic, and 
     security interests by supporting the recipient's continuing 
     efforts to modernize its armed forces and to maintain a 
     credible defensive capability. The proposed sale will help 
     improve the security of the recipient and assist in 
     maintaining political stability, military balance, and 
     economic progress in the region.
       The proposed sale will improve the recipient's ability to 
     meet current and future threats. The recipient will have no 
     difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces.
       The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not 
     alter the basic military balance in the region.
       The principal contractor will be General Dynamics Mission 
     Systems, located in Fairfax, VA. There are no known offset 
     agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale.
       Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the 
     assignment of U.S. Government representatives; however, it 
     will require the assignment of three contractor Technical 
     Assistance Representatives (TAR) to the recipient to support 
     equipment fielding and training.
       There will be no adverse impact on U.S. defense readiness 
     as a result of this proposed sale.


                         TRANSMITTAL NO. 24-112

     Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to 
         Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act

                           Annex Item No. vii

       (vii) Sensitivity of Technology:
       1. The Improved Mobile Subscriber Equipment (IMSE) system 
     is an area-switched communications system designed to provide 
     mobile and secure communications in a variety of battlefield 
     and military operations other than war (MOOTW) situations.
       2. The highest level of classification of defense articles, 
     components, and services included in this potential sale is 
     CONTROLLED UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION.
       3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain 
     knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the 
     information could be used to develop countermeasures that 
     might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the 
     development

[[Page S6778]]

     of a system with similar or advanced capabilities.
       4. A determination has been made that the recipient can 
     provide substantially the same degree of protection for the 
     sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. 
     This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign 
     policy and national security objectives outlined in the 
     Policy Justification.
       5. All defense articles and services listed in this 
     transmittal have been authorized for release and export to 
     the recipient.

                          ____________________








[Page S6778]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      TRIBUTE TO MAJOR BOBBY BROWN

  Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, today, I rise to pay tribute to an 
exceptional officer in the U.S. Army, MAJ Bobby Brown. Major Brown, an 
Active-Duty adjutant general Officer, was competitively selected to 
serve as an Army congressional fellow for the fiscal year 2022.
  Hailing from Lincoln, NE, Major Brown was assigned to support our 
neighbors to the south, working with Senator Jerry Moran of Kansas. 
During his fellowship, he gained valuable insights into the workings of 
Congress and its relationship with the U.S. military, while also 
advising Senator Moran on defense and veterans' issues. His dedication 
and professionalism were evident in every task he undertook.
  Major Brown's journey from Nebraska to Washington, DC, is marked by a 
distinguished record of service. After earning his undergraduate degree 
at Nebraska Wesleyan University and commissioning as an infantry 
officer through the University of Nebraska at Lincoln ROTC program, he 
held various tactical and operational positions. These included roles 
in the 3rd Infantry Division, 2nd Ranger Battalion, the 173rd Infantry 
Brigade Combat Team (Airborne), U.S. Army Garrison Bavaria, and 7th 
Army Training Command.
  His early years of service honed his discipline, diligence, and 
dedication, shaping both his career and character. In the infantry, he 
served as an infantry rifle platoon leader and executive officer, roles 
that were foundational for his leadership skills. In 2016, Major Brown 
deployed to Afghanistan as the deputy chief of operations for the 2nd 
Ranger Battalion, deepening his understanding of America's military 
role abroad and his commitment to our national security.
  Transitioning to the Adjutant General's Corps in 2017, Major Brown 
excelled in human resources roles, serving as a battalion human 
resources officer in the 2nd Ranger Battalion and 173rd Infantry 
Brigade Combat Team. His natural people skills and leadership potential 
led to his selection for two company commands--one for the headquarters 
and headquarters company for 7th Army Training Command and the other 
for U.S. Army Garrison Bavaria, both located in Grafenwoehr, Germany.
  For the past 2 years, he has served in the Army's congressional 
budget liaison office, where he has played a crucial role in answering 
congressional requests for information, staffing engagements between 
Army senior leaders and Members of Congress, and leading congressional 
delegations abroad to conduct defense oversight.
  Any tribute to Major Brown would be incomplete without acknowledging 
the unwavering support of his wife Michelle and the joy brought by 
their 1-year-old son John Robert Brown. Michelle has stood by Major 
Brown at every step of his journey, providing love, care, and wisdom.
  Major Brown's lengthy and diverse career is filled with experiences 
that have enriched him both as an officer and a person. It is no 
surprise that he has received numerous awards and commendations, 
including the Ranger Tab. Nebraska is proud to call Major Brown one of 
its own, as he continues a treasured legacy of Nebraskans dedicated to 
protecting our State and our Nation.
  On behalf of the State of Nebraska, the U.S. Senate, and a grateful 
nation, I join my colleagues today in recognizing and commending Major 
Brown for his service. We wish Bobby, Michelle, and John all the best 
as they continue their journey in the U.S. Army.

                          ____________________








[Page S6778]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                            VOTE EXPLANATION

  Mr. KING. Mr. President, I rise to provide a brief statement on the 
rollcall votes on December 2, 2024. I was unable to attend the votes, 
but had I been here on Monday, December 2, 2024, I would have voted yea 
on vote No. 304, on the nomination of Anne Hwang, of California, to be 
United States District Judge for the Central District of California.
  I rise to provide a brief statement on the rollcall votes on December 
2, 2024. I was unable to attend the votes, but had I been here on 
Monday, December 2, 2024, I would have voted yea on vote No. 305, on 
the nomination of Brian Edward Murphy, of Massachusetts, to be United 
States District Judge for the District of Massachusetts.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6778-S6779]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                      TRIBUTE TO MAJOR TIARA PURO

  Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, today, I rise to pay tribute to an 
exceptional officer in the U.S. Air Force, Maj. Tiara Puro.
  Major Puro was competitively selected to represent the Department of 
the Air Force in the Department of Defense Legislative Fellows Program, 
where she has worked with my office over the past year.
  Though Major Puro is not originally from my State, she fits right 
in--a perfect example of what we call ``Nebraska nice.'' Each day, 
Major Puro is known to walk into each room in our office, greeting 
every member of our staff warmly. Generous with her time and expertise, 
she cheerfully answers questions about our national defense from 
interns and staff.
  Major Puro did spend time in my home State of Nebraska. She earned a 
degree in general studies from the University of Nebraska at Omaha, 
graduating in 2011. But it was before her time in Nebraska, back in her 
home State of Utah, that her experience with the military began.
  Major Puro enlisted in the Utah National Guard as a paralegal 
specialist while still in high school. Once a month, she drove to the 
armory in Vernal to train with the 1457th Engineer Battalion as part of 
the Delayed Entry Program. A week after graduating from high school, 
she shipped to basic combat training at Fort Jackson, SC.
  Major Puro's decision to serve our country in the military solidified 
that fateful day in September 2001. After the second plane collided 
with the south tower of the World Trade Center, she called her unit to 
ask what she could do to help. Major Puro was among the 4,500 Utah 
National Guard members who provided security for the Winter Olympic 
games in Utah a few months later.
  After earning her bachelor's degree in Nebraska, Major Puro 
commissioned in the Air Force as a personnel officer. Her first 
assignment was to Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling in Washington, DC, as 
the individual mobilization augmentee to the commander of the military 
personnel flight. This assignment trained Major Puro in the 
organizational and interpersonal skills she has used throughout her 
career.
  From 2013 to 2015, she volunteered to serve on an extended Active-
Duty tour in support of the Secretary of the Air Force, International 
Affairs (SAF/IA) in the International Airmen Division. Over the years, 
Major Puro has deployed twice, in support of Operations Enduring 
Freedom/Iraqi Freedom and Operation Inherent Resolve. These deployments 
added new dimensions to Major Puro's understanding of our military and 
its operations.
  In 2019, Major Puro was assigned as the operations officer for the 
301st Force Support Squadron at the Naval Air Station Fort Worth Joint 
Reserve Base in Texas. There, she contributed to a team that keeps the 
301st Fighter Wing up and running. The team managed required paperwork, 
tracked the movement of the wing's members, and helped the 301st 
Logistics Readiness Squadron move resources.
  Prior to her selection for the Legislative Fellows Program, Major 
Puro served as the chief of the Active Guard Reserve Management Branch 
of the Headquarters Air Reserve Personnel Center at Buckley Space Force 
Base, CO. There, she oversaw management of the Active Guard Reserve 
Program, supporting strategic guidance and operational execution of 
6,003 positions.
  Major Puro has spent years serving our Nation. And anyone who knows

[[Page S6779]]

Major Puro knows her commitment runs in the family. All five of the 
Puro sisters serve in America's military, whether in the Air Force, 
Army, or Navy. Major Puro is the oldest of the five, and she has led 
each of her sisters in this direction. Major Puro even administered the 
oath of office to commission one of her sisters as an officer. The 
service-oriented siblings have become known as ``sisters in arms.''
  Major Puro is an outstanding, experienced officer who has spent years 
serving our country with diligence and excellence. She is an officer of 
strong character, displaying kindness, integrity, and dedication 
wherever she goes. She has served our Nation well in the Air Force, and 
she has served Nebraska well as a legislative fellow in my office.
  On behalf of the State of Nebraska, the U.S. Senate, and a grateful 
nation, I join my colleagues today in recognizing and commending Major 
Puro for her service. We wish Tiara all the best as she continues her 
journey in the U.S. Air Force.

                          ____________________








[Page S6779]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     RECOGNIZING 40 YEARS OF METRA

<bullet> Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, Metra is celebrating 40 years of 
connecting travelers across Chicago and northeastern Illinois.
  Chicago has long been a major rail hub. To this day, the city has 
more tracks radiating in more directions than any other city in North 
America. For most of its history, commuter service in Chicagoland was 
operated by various private rail companies. By the 1970s, however, 
commuter service was struggling, and rail companies were threatening to 
discontinue it. In 1974, voters in northeast Illinois approved creation 
of the Regional Transportation Authority (RTA), and in 1984, RTA 
established a special commuter rail division which soon became known as 
Metra.
  That upstart wasted no time growing. In 1987, Metra acquired Illinois 
Central Gulf's electric line to University Park, took over the route to 
Joliet, and acquired two Milwaukee District lines and all their assets 
in 1989. Further growth followed.
  Today, Metra operates 11 lines and is the Nation's fourth busiest 
commuter rail by trips and the largest by route miles. When it comes to 
beating rush hour congestion on Chicago's expressways, Metra truly is 
``the way to really fly.''
  Metra is also embracing the future of clean transportation with 
battery-powered trainsets. By 2028, its riders will be among the first 
in the Nation to experience battery-powered zero-emission trainsets.
  I congratulate Metra on a remarkable 40 years, and look forward to 
more reliable, affordable, and accessible commuter rail service in the 
years to come.<bullet>

                          ____________________








[Page S6779]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS

                                 ______
                                 

                         TRIBUTE TO WES COLLINS

<bullet> Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, with my colleagues Senator Jim Risch 
and Representative Mike Simpson, we congratulate Wes Collins as he 
retires from serving as Butte County Commissioner.
  Wes Collins has served the people of Butte County in multiple 
positions spanning over 33 years. He began his career in Butte County 
as a deputy sheriff in 1991 and served in the capacity until he was 
appointed sheriff on September 8, 2003. During his tenure as sheriff, 
he ably took on many responsibilities. He was the Butte County 
emergency manager for 10 years, a member of the Idaho Sheriffs 
Association's Marketing Committee, played an instrumental role in Safe 
& Drug Free Schools from 2005 to 2018, served as president of the Butte 
County Sheriff's Christmas for the Children Wish Upon a Star Program 
from 2003 to 2018, and served on the Butte County Board of Guardians 
and the Pretty City Committee.
  Wes has always been willing to step up and ensure the individuals of 
his community received the care they needed. Wes played a notable role 
in the region's search and rescue efforts, especially involving 
mountain climbing accidents. He contributed to public safety by 
responding to incidents in challenging terrains like Mount Borah, where 
climbers often encountered difficulties. Collins was also recognized 
for his involvement in documenting mountaineering history, including a 
significant traverse of the Lost River Range, which highlighted his 
personal climbing achievements and contributions to Idaho's climbing 
community. Wes served as Butte County sheriff until his retirement from 
law enforcement in 2018. Following his retirement from law enforcement, 
Wes believed he still had something to offer the community, so he ran 
for the open commissioner's seat and won.
  Wes took office as a Butte County commissioner on January 14, 2019, 
and continued his work to improve the communities of Butte County. As 
commissioner, Wes has played a key role in ensuring local tax dollars 
are being spent thoughtfully. He has served on various board positions, 
including the Moore Community RV Park Project, Rural Development 
Association, and the 3B Juvenile Corrections Facility Board. Wes has 
been an institution in Butte County, and his leadership will be missed.
  Beyond his service to the communities, Wes is an avid outdoorsman, 
never missing an opportunity to hike to a mountain lake to fish, 
downhill ski, hunt, and practice photography. Many of his prints are 
hanging in the county buildings.
  Wes, thank you for your decades of service to Idahoans. We 
congratulate you on a career well spent and express our heartfelt 
gratitude for keeping Idahoans safe and strengthening the communities 
and landscapes we hold dear.<bullet>

                          ____________________








[Pages S6779-S6780]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    RECOGNIZING THE BAKERY UNLIMITED

<bullet> Ms. ERNST. Mr. President, as ranking member of the Senate 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, each week I recognize 
an outstanding Iowa small business that exemplifies the American 
entrepreneurial spirit. This week, it is my privilege to recognize the 
Bakery Unlimited of Winterset, IA, as the Senate Small Business of the 
Week.
  In 1984, Jim and Marcia Sparks opened The Bakery Unlimited on Main 
Street in Winterset. Jim was working in insurance when an unusual 
opportunity presented itself in the form of a pizza oven, a bread 
rounder, and mixer. Initially, the couple purchased the equipment with 
hopes of reselling it, but they changed their plans when a historic 
1883 building on Winterset's Main Street was looking for a new owner 
and recognized the community's need for a warm and welcoming gathering 
place; the Sparks decided to transform the historic building into a 
bakery. Leaning on Marcia's background as a food nutritional research 
graduate from Iowa State University and her collection of crafted 
recipes, the couple brought The Bakery Unlimited to life.
  From the beginning, The Bakery Unlimited delighted the community with 
old-fashioned baked goods made from scratch. While the bakery features 
a wide variety of offerings from breads and bagels to pies and cakes, 
its signature items are doughnuts and apple fritters. These fritters 
are made using Red Delicious apples grown from the Sparks' own orchard, 
a tribute to Madison County, the birthplace of the iconic apple.
  In November 2020, Winterset lost a beloved community figure when 
Marcia Sparks passed away. It was my honor to meet Marcia in August of 
2019, to bake alongside her, and learn how to make her famous apple 
fritters. Marcia was incredibly kind, greeting everyone who entered the 
bakery with a friendly smile and warm welcome. After she passed away in 
November 2020, her legacy lives on through the impact she had on the 
community, as well as through her daughter Katie Sparks, who grew up 
immersed in the bakery. Katie learned her mother's many baking 
traditions and recipes. Today, Katie manages all the baking and 
oversees the business' day-to-day operations. Marcia was a member of 
the National Federation of Independent Businesses, as well as the 
president of the Retail Bakers Association, providing knowledge and 
expertise to aspiring bakers across the country. At the onset of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, Marcia baked and donated 250 loaves of bread for 
members of the Winterset Community. The bakery has continued

[[Page S6780]]

this tradition as Katie bakes and donates 250 loaves of bread each 
Memorial Day to honor her mother. While the bakery doesn't ask or 
require donations, funds collected during these events are directed to 
causes in the community, such as helping the Winterset Fire Department, 
as well as helping a family purchase a stove after their home was 
destroyed by a tornado.
  Today, The Bakery Unlimited is thriving with a team of eight 
community members and has continued to grow while gaining notoriety 
across Iowa and the country. In June 2024, USA Today named The Bakery 
Unlimited one of the top 10 doughnut shops in the United States. In 
addition, Sara Broers included the bakery in her book, ``100 Things to 
Do in Iowa Before You Die.'' Deeply rooted in the community, The Bakery 
Unlimited actively supports local events for schools and the Iowa 4-H 
program. The bakery is also a proud member of the Madison County 
Chamber of Commerce and the National Federation of Independent 
Businesses and recently celebrated its 40th anniversary in October.
  The Bakery Unlimited's commitment to baking one-of-a-kind treats and 
bringing the Madison County community together is clear. I want to 
congratulate the Sparks family and the rest of The Bakery Unlimited 
team for their dedication to creating outstanding baked goods for 
everyone to enjoy. I look forward to seeing their continued 
success.<bullet>

                          ____________________








[Page S6780]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




            SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS

  The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were 
read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated:

           By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. Wyden, and Mr. Welch):
       S. Res. 919. A resolution recognizing the 40th year since 
     the 1984 Bhopal chemical disaster and helping to ensure that 
     no other community suffers another chemical disaster, by 
     designating December 3 as National Chemical Disaster 
     Awareness Day; to the Committee on the Judiciary.
           By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Ms. Collins, Mr. Reed, Mr. 
             Coons, Ms. Klobuchar, Ms. Hassan, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Van 
             Hollen, and Mr. Blumenthal):
       S. Res. 920. A resolution designating November 2024 as 
     ``National Homeless Children and Youth Awareness Month''; 
     considered and agreed to.
           By Mr. SCOTT of Florida (for himself, Mr. Rubio, Mr. 
             Tuberville, Mr. Warnock, Mr. Ossoff, and Mrs. Britt):
       S. Res. 921. A resolution remembering the December 6, 2019, 
     terrorist attack at Naval Air Station Pensacola and 
     commemorating those who lost their lives, and those who were 
     injured, in the line of duty; considered and agreed to.

                          ____________________








[Page S6780]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




              INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS

  The following bills and joint resolutions were introduced, read the 
first and second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated:

           By Mr. BUDD (for himself and Mr. Kaine):
       S. 5409. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
     to exclude from gross income gain from the sale of qualified 
     real property interests acquired under the authority of the 
     Readiness and Environmental Protection Integration (REPI) 
     program administered by the Department of Defense pursuant to 
     section 2684a of title 10, United States Code, and for other 
     purposes; to the Committee on Finance.
           By Mr. COTTON:
       S. 5410. A bill to impose sanctions with respect to police 
     departments in the People's Republic of China and other 
     persons seeking to establish a Chinese police presence in the 
     United States; to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
           By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. Young, Mr. Durbin, 
             and Mr. Daines):
       S. 5411. A bill to reauthorize the National Quantum 
     Initiative Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
     Commerce, Science, and Transportation.
           By Mr. KENNEDY:
       S. 5412. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
     to increase the amount excludable for dependent care 
     assistance programs; to the Committee on Finance.
           By Mr. FETTERMAN:
       S. 5413. A bill to amend the Justice for United States 
     Victims of State Sponsored Terrorism Act to provide rules for 
     payments to Havlish Settling Judgment Creditors; to the 
     Committee on the Judiciary.
           By Mr. MORAN:
       S. 5414. A bill to require the Financial Crimes Enforcement 
     Network to meet certain conditions before funds are made 
     available for the enforcement of beneficial ownership 
     information reporting, and for other purposes; to the 
     Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs.
           By Ms. WARREN:
       S. 5415. A bill to amend title 11, United States Code, to 
     prohibit nonconsensual release of a nondebtor entity's 
     liability to an entity other than the debtor, and for other 
     purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary.
           By Mr. CARDIN:
       S. 5416. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 
     1934 to address the disclosure of payments by resource 
     extraction issuers, and for other purposes; to the Committee 
     on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs.
           By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. Tillis):
       S. 5417. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security 
     Act to add a Medicaid State plan requirement with respect to 
     the determination of residency of certain individuals serving 
     in the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Finance.
           By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Ms. Collins, Ms. Smith, 
             Mr. Casey, Ms. Baldwin, Mr. Reed, Mrs. Shaheen, Ms. 
             Stabenow, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Heinrich, and Mr. Van 
             Hollen):
       S. 5418. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to 
     authorize grants for training and support services for 
     families and caregivers of people living with Alzheimer's 
     disease or a related dementia; to the Committee on Health, 
     Education, Labor, and Pensions.

                          ____________________








[Page S6780]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         TRIBUTE TO DAVE KLEIS

<bullet> Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, today I rise to honor Dave 
Kleis, the mayor of St. Cloud, MN, who is retiring on January 13, 2025, 
after more than 30 years of public service.
  St. Cloud has flourished with Dave at the helm. Under his leadership, 
the growing city has improved its infrastructure, made critical 
investments in higher education, and opened its 100th city park, all 
while keeping a balanced budget. St. Cloud has received national and 
international awards and recognition for its livability, including Most 
Livable City in the World, the Healthiest Hometown, and Top Ten 
Mississippi River Corridor Metro.
  And Dave himself has earned plenty of accolades, too. He was selected 
by the St. Cloud Times' readers as the most influential person of the 
last decade and is a recipient of the League of Minnesota Cities C.C. 
Ludwig Leadership Award. On top of that, he was recognized as one of 
Twin Cities Business' 100 People to Know.
  As a founding member and cochair of the Mississippi River Cities and 
Towns Initiative, Dave has also been committed to protecting and 
developing the Mississippi River, which flows through downtown St. 
Cloud.
  Dave made St. Cloud a better place by listening to residents and 
reaching them where they are, whether it is at his famous chili 
cookouts, through his weekly video messages, at his townhalls--all 
1,000-plus of them--or even dressed up as Santa at the annual Christmas 
tree lighting. Not to mention, he is also a 9-year veteran of the U.S. 
Air Force and Air Force Reserve and a small business owner. For 11 
years, he served in the Minnesota State Senate, where he continued to 
be a champion for working families and veterans.
  Simply put, Dave is a great leader because he is a great neighbor. As 
he has said, ``Love everybody, respect everyone, and it'll be just 
fine.'' St. Cloud and Minnesota are better because of him.
  Dave, thank you for your friendship and leadership, and 
congratulations on your retirement. You have earned it.<bullet>

                          ____________________








[Pages S6780-S6782]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS


                                S. 1201

  At the request of Mr. Scott of South Carolina, the name of the 
Senator from Arkansas (Mr. Cotton) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1201, 
a bill to reform the labor laws of the United States, and for other 
purposes.


                                S. 1235

  At the request of Ms. Murkowski, the name of the Senator from 
Michigan (Mr. Peters) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1235, a bill to 
establish an awareness campaign related to the lethality of fentanyl 
and fentanyl-contaminated drugs, to establish a Federal Interagency 
Work Group on Fentanyl Contamination of Illegal Drugs, and to provide 
community based coalition enhancement grants to mitigate the effects of 
drug misuse.


                                S. 1349

  At the request of Mr. Cassidy, the name of the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. Warnock) was added as a cosponsor of

[[Page S6781]]

S. 1349, a bill to establish a postsecondary student data system.


                                S. 1673

  At the request of Ms. Cortez Masto, the name of the Senator from 
Oregon (Mr. Merkley) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1673, a bill to 
amend title XVIII to protect patient access to ground ambulance 
services under the Medicare program.


                                S. 2067

  At the request of Mr. Tillis, the name of the Senator from Michigan 
(Mr. Peters) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2067, a bill to require the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs to award grants to nonprofit 
organizations to assist such organizations in carrying out programs to 
provide service dogs to eligible veterans, and for other purposes.


                                S. 2233

  At the request of Ms. Duckworth, the name of the Senator from Maine 
(Ms. Collins) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2233, a bill to ban the 
sale of products with a high concentration of sodium nitrite to 
individuals, and for other purposes.


                                S. 2315

  At the request of Mr. Crapo, the name of the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. Ossoff) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2315, a bill to provide for 
the creation of the missing Armed Forces and civilian personnel Records 
Collection at the National Archives, to require the expeditious public 
transmission to the Archivist and public disclosure of missing Armed 
Forces and civilian personnel records, and for other purposes.


                                S. 2377

  At the request of Ms. Warren, the name of the Senator from New Jersey 
(Mr. Booker) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2377, a bill to amend title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve coverage of audiology 
services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes.


                                S. 2415

  At the request of Mrs. Capito, the name of the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. Ossoff) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2415, a bill to amend title 
III of the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize Federal support of 
States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during 
pregnancy, childbirth, and the postpartum period, to eliminate 
disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and 
pregnancy-associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health 
care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes.


                                S. 2647

  At the request of Mr. Booker, the names of the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. Ossoff) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Tillis) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2647, a bill to improve research and data 
collection on stillbirths, and for other purposes.


                                S. 2871

  At the request of Mr. Daines, the name of the Senator from Michigan 
(Mr. Peters) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2871, a bill to advance 
Federal Government innovation through the implementation and use of 
multi-cloud computing software technology, and for other purposes.


                                S. 3058

  At the request of Mr. Scott of South Carolina, the name of the 
Senator from Maine (Ms. Collins) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3058, a 
bill to award a congressional gold medal to the United Negro College 
Fund, Inc. and the institutions that make up its membership on the 
occasion of its 80th year of existence.


                                S. 3197

  At the request of Ms. Ernst, the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. 
Sullivan) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3197, a bill to establish and 
authorize funding for an Iranian Sanctions Enforcement Fund to enforce 
United States sanctions with respect to Iran and its proxies and pay 
off the United States public debt and to codify the Export Enforcement 
Coordination Center.


                                S. 3297

  At the request of Ms. Collins, the name of the Senator from Minnesota 
(Ms. Klobuchar) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3297, a bill to amend 
title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand the availability of 
medical nutrition therapy services under the Medicare program.


                                S. 3540

  At the request of Mrs. Blackburn, the name of the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Mrs. Shaheen) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3540, a bill to 
amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to 
increase grants to combat domestic violence for States that implement 
domestic violence prevention training in the cosmetologist and barber 
licensing process, and for other purposes.


                                S. 3625

  At the request of Mr. Scott of South Carolina, the name of the 
Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3625, a 
bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide small businesses 
with additional time to file beneficial ownership information, and for 
other purposes.


                                S. 3678

  At the request of Mr. Cassidy, the name of the Senator from Virginia 
(Mr. Warner) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3678, a bill to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the time during which a 
qualified disaster may have occurred for purposes of the special rules 
for personal casualty losses.


                                S. 3702

  At the request of Mr. Bennet, the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. 
King) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3702, a bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a nonrefundable credit for working 
family caregivers.


                                S. 4091

  At the request of Ms. Rosen, the name of the Senator from Rhode 
Island (Mr. Whitehouse) was added as a cosponsor of S. 4091, a bill to 
strengthen Federal efforts to counter antisemitism in the United 
States.


                                S. 4372

  At the request of Ms. Murkowski, the name of the Senator from New 
Jersey (Mr. Booker) was added as a cosponsor of S. 4372, a bill to 
amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to pay costs associated with the delivery of 
automobiles or other conveyances to eligible persons, and for other 
purposes.


                                S. 4504

  At the request of Mrs. Shaheen, the name of the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. Ossoff) was added as a cosponsor of S. 4504, a bill to amend the 
Public Health Service Act to provide for a public awareness campaign 
with respect to screening for type 1 diabetes, and for other purposes.


                                S. 4794

  At the request of Mr. Cassidy, the name of the Senator from Michigan 
(Mr. Peters) was added as a cosponsor of S. 4794, a bill to require the 
Social Security Administration to make changes to the social security 
terminology used in the rules, regulation, guidance, or other materials 
of the Administration.


                                S. 4917

  At the request of Mrs. Britt, the name of the Senator from New Jersey 
(Mr. Helmy) was added as a cosponsor of S. 4917, a bill to amend the 
Federal securities laws to enhance 403(b) plans, and for other 
purposes.


                                S. 5120

  At the request of Mr. Ossoff, the name of the Senator from Tennessee 
(Mrs. Blackburn) was added as a cosponsor of S. 5120, a bill to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide tax incentives for the 
establishment of grocery stores in certain underserved areas.


                                S. 5327

  At the request of Mr. Coons, the names of the Senator from Virginia 
(Mr. Warner) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cornyn) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 5327, a bill to advance and protect the 
internationally recognized human rights of all Sudanese people, to hold 
perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in 
Sudan accountable for their crimes, and for other purposes.


                                S. 5365

  At the request of Mr. Sullivan, the name of the Senator from Virginia 
(Mr. Warner) was withdrawn as a cosponsor of S. 5365, a bill to require 
the President to notify Congress and take certain actions in response 
to any attempt by a country of concern to affect United States 
elections.
  At the request of Mr. Sullivan, the name of the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) was added as a cosponsor of S. 5365, supra.


                                S. 5392

  At the request of Mr. Lankford, the name of the Senator from Missouri

[[Page S6782]]

(Mr. Hawley) was added as a cosponsor of S. 5392, a bill to prohibit 
discrimination based on political affiliation in granting disaster 
assistance.


                                S. 5406

  At the request of Mr. Markey, the name of the Senator from Vermont 
(Mr. Welch) was added as a cosponsor of S. 5406, a bill to establish an 
Office of Public Engagement and Participation within the Nuclear 
Regulatory Commission, and for other purposes.


                              S. RES. 918

  At the request of Mr. Warner, the names of the Senator from South 
Carolina (Mr. Scott), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Young) and the 
Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 
918, a resolution designating December 2, 2024, as ``World Nuclear 
Energy Day''.

                          ____________________








[Page S6782]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS

                                 ______
                                 

SENATE RESOLUTION 919--RECOGNIZING THE 40TH YEAR SINCE THE 1984 BHOPAL 
CHEMICAL DISASTER AND HELPING TO ENSURE THAT NO OTHER COMMUNITY SUFFERS 
   ANOTHER CHEMICAL DISASTER, BY DESIGNATING DECEMBER 3 AS NATIONAL 
                    CHEMICAL DISASTER AWARENESS DAY

  Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. Wyden, and Mr. Welch) submitted the 
following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the 
Judiciary:

                              S. Res. 919

       Whereas, on December 3, 1984, a Union Carbide pesticide 
     factory released a dense cloud of toxic methyl isocyanate gas 
     into the Indian city of Bhopal, killing 8,000 people within 
     72 hours and permanently injuring 500,000 more in what is 
     considered to be the world's worst industrial disaster;
       Whereas this catastrophic chemical leak in Bhopal strongly 
     influenced the Government of the United States to protect 
     communities from toxic exposure by enacting legislation such 
     as the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 
     (Public Law 99-499; 100 Stat. 1613), the Emergency Planning 
     and Community Right-To-Know Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C. 1101 et 
     seq.), which authorized the Environmental Protection Agency 
     to establish and maintain a Toxic Release Inventory, and the 
     Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 (Public Law 101-549; 104 
     Stat. 2576), which authorized the Environmental Protection 
     Agency to implement the Risk Management Program and 
     established the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation 
     Board (referred to in this preamble as the ``CSB''), and 
     prescribing regulations such as the Process Safety Management 
     standard published by the Occupational Safety and Health 
     Administration in 1992;
       Whereas major risks to the public remain, with 
     approximately 12,000 hazardous industrial and commercial 
     facilities across the United States, putting some 131,000,000 
     people at risk for toxic exposures resulting from any lapses 
     which lead to dangerous conditions or procedures;
       Whereas a CSB investigation identified dangerous conditions 
     and deficiencies as responsible for a 2008 explosion at a 
     pesticide manufacturing plant at Institute, West Virginia, 
     which came so close to igniting a stockpile of methyl 
     isocyanate that a Congressional inquiry concluded that it 
     could easily have been ``a catastrophe rivaling the Bhopal 
     disaster'';
       Whereas data received from the CSB's Accidental Release 
     Reporting Rule indicates 445 hazardous chemical incidents, 
     including fires, explosions, and harmful chemical releases, 
     occurred in the United States between April 2021 and October 
     2024;
       Whereas these hazardous chemical incidents include a train 
     derailment near East Palestine, Ohio, that released ethyl 
     hexyl acrylate, isobutylene, and vinyl chloride into nearby 
     air, soil, and water, requiring the emergency evacuation of 
     over 2,000 residents, who now face ongoing health issues;
       Whereas the health and economic impacts of chemical 
     disasters have multigenerational effects, such as in Bhopal 
     where survivors suffer significantly higher mortality rates, 
     with over 150,000 survivors battling chronic illnesses 
     related to their exposure or that of their parents, and 
     approximately 500,000 people remain physically and 
     economically devastated by the disaster;
       Whereas a University of San Diego study found that men who 
     were in utero in Bhopal at the time of the disaster have 
     higher rates of cancer and disability precluding employment, 
     and lower levels of education;
       Whereas the Bhopal disaster survivors have undertaken 
     hundreds of protests and dozens of legal petitions for 
     adequate compensation, medical care, rehabilitation, and 
     criminal justice, and to achieve their goal of establishing a 
     serious deterrent against the possibility of other Bhopal-
     level disasters;
       Whereas the Government of India charged Union Carbide and 
     its former Chief Executive Officer Warren Anderson with 
     culpable homicide, equivalent to criminally negligent 
     manslaughter under United States law and an extraditable 
     offense;
       Whereas Union Carbide and its representatives have ignored 
     repeated summonses to appear in court in India, and 
     applications under 2 extradition treaties between India and 
     the United States dating back to 1942 have failed to secure 
     their appearance;
       Whereas Dow Inc., the owner of Union Carbide since 2001, 
     has not compelled its subsidiary to attend any proceedings 
     relating to the Bhopal disaster;
       Whereas, regarding the Bhopal disaster, Amnesty 
     International states that ``The indifference and disdain with 
     which the survivors and their descendants have been treated 
     ever since the gas leak, the lack of proper and effective 
     accountability of both state and corporate actors for both 
     the gas leak and ongoing contamination, and the failure to 
     ensure a reparations programme that adequately addresses all 
     past and ongoing harms have been enabled by entrenched 
     environmental racism'', in which the people who inhabit 
     industrial ``sacrifice zones'' are treated ``as disposable, 
     their voices ignored, their presence excluded from decision-
     making processes and their dignity and human rights trampled 
     upon'';
       Whereas United States Census data shows that census tracts 
     where people of color are the majority experience 40 percent 
     more cancer-causing industrial air pollution and are twice as 
     likely to get cancer from toxic air pollution compared to 
     census tracts where white people are the majority, and the 
     majority of residents near facilities where accidents occur 
     are from historically underserved and overburdened 
     populations; and
       Whereas the centrality of human rights to the foreign 
     policy of the United States and the commitment of the United 
     States to the right to freedom from discrimination are in 
     line with the goal of safeguarding against future chemical 
     disasters, which disproportionately impact vulnerable 
     communities: Now, therefore, be it
       Resolved, That the Senate--
       (1) recognizes the 40-year effort of the survivors of the 
     1984 Bhopal chemical disaster to ensure that no other 
     community around the world suffers another Bhopal-level 
     disaster by designating December 3 as National Chemical 
     Disaster Awareness Day;
       (2) applauds the resilience of the Bhopal chemical disaster 
     survivors in battling to overcome ill health, poverty, and 
     marginalization to try to establish a deterrent against 
     future chemical disasters;
       (3) calls on the Department of Justice to take--
       (A) timely steps in response to requests by the Indian 
     Government concerning Dow Inc., who purchased the Union 
     Carbide facility where the disaster took place; and
       (B) any other actions necessary for the United States to 
     comply with obligations under the Treaty on Mutual Legal 
     Assistance in Criminal Matters, signed at New Delhi on 
     October 17, 2001 (TIAS 05-1003);
       (4) seeks to engage with the survivors of the Bhopal 
     chemical disaster to strengthen the public's understanding of 
     the dangers of chemical disasters; and
       (5) emphasizes that supporting human rights and protecting 
     the right to freedom from discrimination are and should 
     remain key pillars of United States foreign policy worldwide.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6782-S6783]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




SENATE RESOLUTION 920--DESIGNATING NOVEMBER 2024 AS ``NATIONAL HOMELESS 
                  CHILDREN AND YOUTH AWARENESS MONTH''

  Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Ms. Collins, Mr. Reed, Mr. Coons, Ms. 
Klobuchar, Ms. Hassan, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Van Hollen, and Mr. Blumenthal) 
submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to:

                              S. Res. 920

       Whereas, in the United States, public schools identified 
     nearly 1,400,000 enrolled homeless children and youth during 
     the 2022 to 2023 school year, a 14 percent increase from the 
     previous school year;
       Whereas every year an estimated 1,200,000 children younger 
     than 6 years of age, and approximately 4,200,000 youth and 
     young adults, experience homelessness, with many of those 
     children, youth, and young adults staying on couches, in 
     motels, in shelters, or outside;
       Whereas infants experiencing homelessness are at a higher 
     risk for certain illnesses and health conditions;
       Whereas families experiencing homelessness are more likely 
     to experience involvement in the child welfare system and 
     difficulty with school attendance;
       Whereas more than 52 percent of students that experienced 
     homelessness during the 2021 to 2022 school year were 
     chronically absent, a rate 22 percent higher than other 
     students;
       Whereas, in 2021, high school students experiencing 
     homelessness were nearly twice as likely to have seriously 
     considered suicide or made a suicide plan and more than 3 
     times as likely to have made a suicide attempt within the 
     past year;
       Whereas individuals without a high school degree or general 
     educational development certificate are over 4.5 times more 
     likely to report homelessness than their peers who completed 
     high school, making lack of education the leading risk factor 
     for homelessness;

[[Page S6783]]

       Whereas, in 2022, the high school graduation rate for 
     students experiencing homelessness was 68 percent, compared 
     to 80 percent for low-income students and 85.5 percent for 
     all students;
       Whereas the rate of youth homelessness is the same in 
     rural, suburban, and urban areas;
       Whereas 29 percent of unaccompanied homeless youth between 
     13 and 25 years of age have spent time in foster care, 
     compared to approximately 6 percent of all children;
       Whereas homelessness among children and youth is a complex 
     issue that often occurs with deep poverty, low education and 
     employment levels, substance misuse and use disorders, mental 
     health disorders, lack of affordable housing, and family 
     conflict; and
       Whereas awareness of child and youth homelessness must be 
     heightened to encourage greater support for effective 
     programs to help children and youth overcome homelessness: 
     Now, therefore, be it
       Resolved, That the Senate--
       (1) supports the efforts of businesses, governments, 
     organizations, educators, and volunteers dedicated to meeting 
     the needs of homeless children and youth;
       (2) applauds the initiatives of businesses, governments, 
     organizations, educators, and volunteers that--
       (A) use time and resources to raise awareness of child and 
     youth homelessness, the causes of child and youth 
     homelessness, and potential solutions; and
       (B) work to prevent homelessness among children and youth;
       (3) designates November 2024 as ``National Homeless 
     Children and Youth Awareness Month''; and
       (4) encourages businesses, governments, organizations, 
     educators, and volunteers to continue to intensify their 
     efforts to address homelessness among children and youth 
     during November 2024.

                          ____________________








[Page S6783]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

  SA 3308. Mr. SCHUMER (for Ms. Butler) proposed an amendment to the 
bill S. 4243, to award posthumously the Congressional Gold Medal to 
Shirley Chisholm; as follows:

       On page 3, strike line 15 and all that follows through line 
     17 and insert the following:
       (11) A historic figure in American political his-
                                 ______








[Page S6783]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED

       SA 3308. Mr. SCHUMER (for Ms. Butler) proposed an amendment 
     to the bill S. 4243, to award posthumously the Congressional 
     Gold Medal to Shirley Chisholm.
       SA 3309. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. Cruz (for himself and Ms. 
     Klobuchar)) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
     Mr. Schumer to the bill S. 4569, to require covered platforms 
     to remove nonconsensual intimate visual depictions, and for 
     other purposes.

                          ____________________








[Page S6783]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




  SENATE RESOLUTION 921--REMEMBERING THE DECEMBER 6, 2019, TERRORIST 
ATTACK AT NAVAL AIR STATION PENSACOLA AND COMMEMORATING THOSE WHO LOST 
      THEIR LIVES, AND THOSE WHO WERE INJURED, IN THE LINE OF DUTY

  Mr. SCOTT of Florida (for himself, Mr. Rubio, Mr. Tuberville, Mr. 
Warnock, Mr. Ossoff, and Mrs. Britt) submitted the following 
resolution; which was considered and agreed to:
       Whereas December 6, 2024, the 5-year anniversary of the 
     terrorist attack at Naval Air Station Pensacola (referred to 
     in this preamble as the ``terrorist attack''), is a day of 
     commemoration for those who lost their lives, and those who 
     were injured, during the terrorist attack, including--
       (1) Ensign Joshua Kaleb Watson of Enterprise, Alabama;
       (2) Petty Officer Third Class Mohammed Sameh Haitham of St. 
     Petersburg, Florida; and
       (3) Petty Officer Third Class Cameron Scott Walters of 
     Richmond Hill, Georgia;
       Whereas the 3 servicemembers who died in the terrorist 
     attack were posthumously awarded the Navy and Marine Corps 
     Medal and the Purple Heart;
       Whereas the terrorist who committed the terrorist attack 
     was a Saudi Arabian foreign military student who had been 
     radicalized and established contact with Al Qaeda operatives 
     prior to attending flight training at Naval Air Station 
     Pensacola;
       Whereas Naval Air Station Pensacola security forces and 
     Escambia County, Florida, law enforcement officers took 
     decisive action to end the terrorist attack and have rightly 
     earned the praises and awards bestowed upon them;
       Whereas 2 civilians were awarded the Department of the Navy 
     Superior Civilian Medal for Valor for their heroic actions 
     during the terrorist attack;
       Whereas 8 individuals were awarded the Purple Heart, or the 
     law enforcement equivalent, for injuries sustained during the 
     terrorist attack;
       Whereas 9 military personnel were awarded the Navy and 
     Marine Corps Medal for their heroic actions during the 
     terrorist attack;
       Whereas 8 military personnel were awarded the Navy and 
     Marine Corps Commendation Medal for their heroic actions 
     during the terrorist attack;
       Whereas 8 law enforcement officers were awarded the Medal 
     of Valor for their actions taken during the terrorist attack; 
     and
       Whereas December 6, 2024, marks 5 years since the lives of 
     3 military personnel were tragically cut short by the 
     egregious act of terrorism at Naval Air Station Pensacola: 
     Now, therefore, be it
       Resolved, That the Senate--
       (1) condemns the December 6, 2019, terrorist attack at 
     Naval Air Station Pensacola (referred to in this resolution 
     as the ``terrorist attack'');
       (2) commemorates in sorrow the servicemembers and civilians 
     who lost their lives, or who were injured, and the harm 
     caused to the surrounding community, as a result of the 
     terrorist attack;
       (3) remembers Ensign Joshua Kaleb Watson, Petty Officer 
     Third Class Mohammed Sameh Haitham, and Petty Officer Third 
     Class Cameron Scott Walters, who were killed in the terrorist 
     attack;
       (4) expresses gratitude for the heroic actions that the 
     civilians, uniformed personnel, and law enforcement performed 
     during and in the aftermath of the terrorist attack;
       (5) lauds the decision to give medals and awards to the law 
     enforcement officers, uniformed servicemembers, and civilians 
     who responded heroically on the morning of December 6, 2019; 
     and
       (6) commends the efforts undertaken by the Department of 
     Defense to enhance security at military installations to 
     ensure that the tragedy represented by the terrorist attack 
     is never repeated.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6783-S6785]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]

  SA 3309. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. Cruz (for himself and Ms. Klobuchar)) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. Schumer to the 
bill S. 4569, to require covered platforms to remove nonconsensual 
intimate visual depictions, and for other purposes; as follows:

        Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the 
     following:

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Tools to Address Known 
     Exploitation by Immobilizing Technological Deepfakes on 
     Websites and Networks Act'' or the ``TAKE IT DOWN Act''.

     SEC. 2. CRIMINAL PROHIBITION ON INTENTIONAL DISCLOSURE OF 
                   NONCONSENSUAL INTIMATE VISUAL DEPICTIONS.

       (a) In General.--Section 223 of the Communications Act of 
     1934 (47 U.S.C. 223) is amended--
       (1) by redesignating subsection (h) as subsection (i); and
       (2) by inserting after subsection (g) the following:
       ``(h) Intentional Disclosure of Nonconsensual Intimate 
     Visual Depictions.--
       ``(1) Definitions.--In this subsection:
       ``(A) Consent.--The term `consent' means an affirmative, 
     conscious, and voluntary authorization made by an individual 
     free from force, fraud, duress, misrepresentation, or 
     coercion.
       ``(B) Digital forgery.--The term `digital forgery' means 
     any intimate visual depiction of an identifiable individual 
     created through the use of software, machine learning, 
     artificial intelligence, or any other computer-generated or 
     technological means, including by adapting, modifying, 
     manipulating, or altering an authentic visual depiction, 
     that, when viewed as a whole by a reasonable person, is 
     indistinguishable from an authentic visual depiction of the 
     individual.
       ``(C) Identifiable individual.--The term `identifiable 
     individual' means an individual--
       ``(i) who appears in whole or in part in an intimate visual 
     depiction; and
       ``(ii) whose face, likeness, or other distinguishing 
     characteristic (including a unique birthmark or other 
     recognizable feature) is displayed in connection with such 
     intimate visual depiction.
       ``(D) Interactive computer service.--The term `interactive 
     computer service' has the meaning given the term in section 
     230.
       ``(E) Intimate visual depiction.--The term `intimate visual 
     depiction' has the meaning given such term in section 1309 of 
     the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022 (15 U.S.C. 6851).
       ``(F) Minor.--The term `minor' means any individual under 
     the age of 18 years.
       ``(2) Offense involving authentic intimate visual 
     depictions.--
       ``(A) Involving adults.--Except as provided in subparagraph 
     (C), it shall be unlawful for any person, in interstate or 
     foreign commerce, to use an interactive computer service to 
     knowingly publish an intimate visual depiction of an 
     identifiable individual who is not a minor if--
       ``(i) the intimate visual depiction was obtained or created 
     under circumstances in which the person knew or reasonably 
     should have known the identifiable individual had a 
     reasonable expectation of privacy;
       ``(ii) what is depicted was not voluntarily exposed by the 
     identifiable individual in a public or commercial setting;
       ``(iii) what is depicted is not a matter of public concern; 
     and
       ``(iv) publication of the intimate visual depiction--

       ``(I) is intended to cause harm; or

[[Page S6784]]

       ``(II) causes harm, including psychological, financial, or 
     reputational harm, to the identifiable individual.

       ``(B) Involving minors.--Except as provided in subparagraph 
     (C), it shall be unlawful for any person, in interstate or 
     foreign commerce, to use an interactive computer service to 
     knowingly publish an intimate visual depiction of an 
     identifiable individual who is a minor with intent to--
       ``(i) abuse, humiliate, harass, or degrade the minor; or
       ``(ii) arouse or gratify the sexual desire of any person.
       ``(C) Exceptions.--Subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall not 
     apply to--
       ``(i) a lawfully authorized investigative, protective, or 
     intelligence activity of--

       ``(I) a law enforcement agency of the United States, a 
     State, or a political subdivision of a State; or
       ``(II) an intelligence agency of the United States;

       ``(ii) a disclosure made reasonably and in good faith--

       ``(I) to a law enforcement officer or agency;
       ``(II) as part of a document production or filing 
     associated with a legal proceeding;
       ``(III) as part of medical education, diagnosis, or 
     treatment or for a legitimate medical, scientific, or 
     education purpose;
       ``(IV) in the reporting of unlawful content or unsolicited 
     or unwelcome conduct or in pursuance of a legal, 
     professional, or other lawful obligation; or
       ``(V) to seek support or help with respect to the receipt 
     of an unsolicited intimate visual depiction;

       ``(iii) a disclosure reasonably intended to assist the 
     identifiable individual; or
       ``(iv) a person who possesses or publishes an intimate 
     visual depiction of himself or herself engaged in nudity or 
     sexually explicit conduct (as that term is defined in section 
     2256(2)(A) of title 18, United States Code).
       ``(3) Offense involving digital forgeries.--
       ``(A) Involving adults.--Except as provided in subparagraph 
     (C), it shall be unlawful for any person, in interstate or 
     foreign commerce, to use an interactive computer service to 
     knowingly publish a digital forgery of an identifiable 
     individual who is not a minor if--
       ``(i) the digital forgery was published without the consent 
     of the identifiable individual;
       ``(ii) what is depicted was not voluntarily exposed by the 
     identifiable individual in a public or commercial setting;
       ``(iii) what is depicted is not a matter of public concern; 
     and
       ``(iv) publication of the digital forgery--

       ``(I) is intended to cause harm; or
       ``(II) causes harm, including psychological, financial, or 
     reputational harm, to the identifiable individual.

       ``(B) Involving minors.--Except as provided in subparagraph 
     (C), it shall be unlawful for any person, in interstate or 
     foreign commerce, to use an interactive computer service to 
     knowingly publish a digital forgery of an identifiable 
     individual who is a minor with intent to--
       ``(i) abuse, humiliate, harass, or degrade the minor; or
       ``(ii) arouse or gratify the sexual desire of any person.
       ``(C) Exceptions.--Subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall not 
     apply to--
       ``(i) a lawfully authorized investigative, protective, or 
     intelligence activity of--

       ``(I) a law enforcement agency of the United States, a 
     State, or a political subdivision of a State; or
       ``(II) an intelligence agency of the United States;

       ``(ii) a disclosure made reasonably and in good faith--

       ``(I) to a law enforcement officer or agency;
       ``(II) as part of a document production or filing 
     associated with a legal proceeding;
       ``(III) as part of medical education, diagnosis, or 
     treatment or for a legitimate medical, scientific, or 
     education purpose;
       ``(IV) in the reporting of unlawful content or unsolicited 
     or unwelcome conduct or in pursuance of a legal, 
     professional, or other lawful obligation; or
       ``(V) to seek support or help with respect to the receipt 
     of an unsolicited intimate visual depiction;

       ``(iii) a disclosure reasonably intended to assist the 
     identifiable individual; or
       ``(iv) a person who possesses or publishes a digital 
     forgery of himself or herself engaged in nudity or sexually 
     explicit conduct (as that term is defined in section 
     2256(2)(A) of title 18, United States Code).
       ``(4) Penalties.--
       ``(A) Offenses involving adults.--Any person who violates 
     paragraph (2)(A) or (3)(A) shall be fined under title 18, 
     United States Code, imprisoned not more than 2 years, or 
     both.
       ``(B) Offenses involving minors.--Any person who violates 
     paragraph (2)(B) or (3)(B) shall be fined under title 18, 
     United States Code, imprisoned not more than 3 years, or 
     both.
       ``(5) Rules of construction.--For purposes of paragraphs 
     (2) and (3)--
       ``(A) the fact that the identifiable individual provided 
     consent for the creation of the intimate visual depiction 
     shall not establish that the individual provided consent for 
     the publication of the intimate visual depiction; and
       ``(B) the fact that the identifiable individual disclosed 
     the intimate visual depiction to another individual shall not 
     establish that the identifiable individual provided consent 
     for the publication of the intimate visual depiction by the 
     person alleged to have violated paragraph (2) or (3), 
     respectively.
       ``(6) Threats.--
       ``(A) Threats involving authentic intimate visual 
     depictions.--Any person who intentionally threatens to commit 
     an offense under paragraph (2) for the purpose of 
     intimidation, coercion, extortion, or to create mental 
     distress shall be punished as provided in paragraph (4).
       ``(B) Threats involving digital forgeries.--
       ``(i) Threats involving adults.--Any person who 
     intentionally threatens to commit an offense under paragraph 
     (3)(A) for the purpose of intimidation, coercion, extortion, 
     or to create mental distress shall be fined under title 18, 
     United States Code, imprisoned not more than 18 months, or 
     both.
       ``(ii) Threats involving minors.--Any person who 
     intentionally threatens to commit an offense under paragraph 
     (3)(B) for the purpose of intimidation, coercion, extortion, 
     or to create mental distress shall be fined under title 18, 
     United States Code, imprisoned not more than 30 months, or 
     both.
       ``(7) Forfeiture.--
       ``(A) In general.--The court, in imposing a sentence on any 
     person convicted of a violation of paragraph (2) or (3), 
     shall order, in addition to any other sentence imposed and 
     irrespective of any provision of State law, that the person 
     forfeit to the United States--
       ``(i) any material distributed in violation of that 
     paragraph;
       ``(ii) the person's interest in property, real or personal, 
     constituting or derived from any gross proceeds of the 
     violation, or any property traceable to such property, 
     obtained or retained directly or indirectly as a result of 
     the violation; and
       ``(iii) any personal property of the person used, or 
     intended to be used, in any manner or part, to commit or to 
     facilitate the commission of the violation.
       ``(B) Procedures.--Section 413 of the Controlled Substances 
     Act (21 U.S.C. 853), with the exception of subsections (a) 
     and (d), shall apply to the criminal forfeiture of property 
     under subparagraph (A).
       ``(8) Restitution.--The court shall order restitution for 
     an offense under paragraph (2) or (3) in the same manner as 
     under section 2264 of title 18, United States Code.
       ``(9) Rule of construction.--Nothing in this subsection 
     shall be construed to limit the application of any other 
     relevant law, including section 2252 of title 18, United 
     States Code.''.
       (b) Defenses.--Section 223(e)(1) of the Communications Act 
     of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 223(e)(1)) is amended by striking ``or 
     (d)'' and inserting ``, (d), or (h)''.
       (c) Technical and Conforming Amendment.--Subsection (i) of 
     section 223 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 
     223), as so redesignated by subsection (a), is amended by 
     inserting ``Definitions.--'' before ``For purposes of this 
     section''.

     SEC. 3. NOTICE AND REMOVAL OF NONCONSENSUAL INTIMATE VISUAL 
                   DEPICTIONS.

       (a) In General.--
       (1) Notice and removal process.--
       (A) Establishment.--Not later than 1 year after the date of 
     enactment of this Act, a covered platform shall establish a 
     process whereby an identifiable individual (or an authorized 
     person acting on behalf of such individual) may--
       (i) notify the covered platform of an intimate visual 
     depiction published on the covered platform that--

       (I) includes a depiction of the identifiable individual; 
     and
       (II) was published without the consent of the identifiable 
     individual; and

       (ii) submit a request for the covered platform to remove 
     such intimate visual depiction.
       (B) Requirements.--A notification and request for removal 
     of an intimate visual depiction submitted under the process 
     established under subparagraph (A) shall include, in 
     writing--
       (i) a physical or electronic signature of the identifiable 
     individual (or an authorized person acting on behalf of such 
     individual);
       (ii) an identification of, and information reasonably 
     sufficient for the covered platform to locate, the intimate 
     visual depiction of the identifiable individual;
       (iii) a brief statement that the identifiable individual 
     has a good faith belief that any intimate visual depiction 
     identified under clause (ii) is not consensual, including any 
     relevant information for the covered platform to determine 
     the intimate visual depiction was published without the 
     consent of the identifiable individual; and
       (iv) information sufficient to enable the covered platform 
     to contact the identifiable individual (or an authorized 
     person acting on behalf of such individual).
       (2) Notice of process.--A covered platform shall provide on 
     the platform a clear and conspicuous notice, which may be 
     provided through a clear and conspicuous link to another web 
     page or disclosure, of the notice and removal process 
     established under paragraph (1)(A) that--
       (A) is easy to read and in plain language; and
       (B) provides information regarding the responsibilities of 
     the covered platform under this section, including a 
     description of how an individual can submit a notification 
     and request for removal.

[[Page S6785]]

       (3) Removal of nonconsensual intimate visual depictions.--
     Upon receiving a valid removal request from an identifiable 
     individual (or an authorized person acting on behalf of such 
     individual) using the process described in paragraph 
     (1)(A)(ii), a covered platform shall, as soon as possible, 
     but not later than 48 hours after receiving such request--
       (A) remove the intimate visual depiction; and
       (B) make reasonable efforts to identify and remove any 
     known identical copies of such depiction.
       (4) Limitation on liability.--A covered platform shall not 
     be liable for any claim based on the covered platform's good 
     faith disabling of access to, or removal of, material claimed 
     to be a nonconsensual intimate visual depiction based on 
     facts or circumstances from which the unlawful publishing of 
     an intimate visual depiction is apparent, regardless of 
     whether the intimate visual depiction is ultimately 
     determined to be unlawful or not.
       (b) Enforcement by the Commission.--
       (1) Unfair or deceptive acts or practices.--A failure to 
     reasonably comply with the notice and takedown obligations 
     under subsection (a) shall be treated as a violation of a 
     rule defining an unfair or a deceptive act or practice under 
     section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 
     U.S.C. 57a(a)(1)(B)).
       (2) Powers of the commission.--
       (A) In general.--Except as provided in subparagraph (D), 
     the Commission shall enforce this section in the same manner, 
     by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, 
     and duties as though all applicable terms and provisions of 
     the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.) were 
     incorporated into and made a part of this section.
       (B) Privileges and immunities.--Any person who violates 
     this section shall be subject to the penalties and entitled 
     to the privileges and immunities provided in the Federal 
     Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.).
       (C) Authority preserved.--Nothing in this Act shall be 
     construed to limit the authority of the Federal Trade 
     Commission under any other provision of law.
       (D) Scope of jurisdiction.--Notwithstanding sections 4, 
     5(a)(2), or 6 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 
     44, 45(a)(2), 46), or any jurisdictional limitation of the 
     Commission, the Commission shall also enforce this section in 
     the same manner provided in subparagraph (A), with respect to 
     organizations that are not organized to carry on business for 
     their own profit or that of their members.

     SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS.

       In this Act:
       (1) Commission.--The term ``Commission'' means the Federal 
     Trade Commission.
       (2) Consent; digital forgery; identifiable individual; 
     intimate visual depiction.--The terms ``consent'', ``digital 
     forgery'', ``identifiable individual'', ``intimate visual 
     depiction'', and ``minor'' have the meaning given such terms 
     in section 223(h) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 
     U.S.C. 223), as added by section 2.
       (3) Covered platform.--
       (A) In general.--The term ``covered platform'' means a 
     website, online service, online application, or mobile 
     application--
       (i) that serves the public; and
       (ii)(I) that primarily provides a forum for user-generated 
     content, including messages, videos, images, games, and audio 
     files; or
       (II) for which it is in the regular course of trade or 
     business of the website, online service, online application, 
     or mobile application to publish, curate, host, or make 
     available content of nonconsensual intimate visual 
     depictions.
       (B) Exclusions.--The term ``covered platform'' shall not 
     include the following:
       (i) A provider of broadband internet access service (as 
     described in section 8.1(b) of title 47, Code of Federal 
     Regulations, or successor regulation).
       (ii) Electronic mail.
       (iii) Except as provided in subparagraph (A)(ii)(II), an 
     online service, application, or website--

       (I) that consists primarily of content that is not user 
     generated but is preselected by the provider of such online 
     service, application, or website; and
       (II) for which any chat, comment, or interactive 
     functionality is incidental to, directly related to, or 
     dependent on the provision of the content described in 
     subclause (I).

     SEC. 5. SEVERABILITY.

       If any provision of this Act, or an amendment made by this 
     Act, is determined to be unenforceable or invalid, the 
     remaining provisions of this Act and the amendments made by 
     this Act shall not be affected.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6783-S6785]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                           TEXT OF AMENDMENTS

  SA 3308. Mr. SCHUMER (for Ms. Butler) proposed an amendment to the 
bill S. 4243, to award posthumously the Congressional Gold Medal to 
Shirley Chisholm; as follows:

       On page 3, strike line 15 and all that follows through line 
     17 and insert the following:
       (11) A historic figure in American political his-
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 3309. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. Cruz (for himself and Ms. Klobuchar)) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. Schumer to the 
bill S. 4569, to require covered platforms to remove nonconsensual 
intimate visual depictions, and for other purposes; as follows:

        Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the 
     following:

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Tools to Address Known 
     Exploitation by Immobilizing Technological Deepfakes on 
     Websites and Networks Act'' or the ``TAKE IT DOWN Act''.

     SEC. 2. CRIMINAL PROHIBITION ON INTENTIONAL DISCLOSURE OF 
                   NONCONSENSUAL INTIMATE VISUAL DEPICTIONS.

       (a) In General.--Section 223 of the Communications Act of 
     1934 (47 U.S.C. 223) is amended--
       (1) by redesignating subsection (h) as subsection (i); and
       (2) by inserting after subsection (g) the following:
       ``(h) Intentional Disclosure of Nonconsensual Intimate 
     Visual Depictions.--
       ``(1) Definitions.--In this subsection:
       ``(A) Consent.--The term `consent' means an affirmative, 
     conscious, and voluntary authorization made by an individual 
     free from force, fraud, duress, misrepresentation, or 
     coercion.
       ``(B) Digital forgery.--The term `digital forgery' means 
     any intimate visual depiction of an identifiable individual 
     created through the use of software, machine learning, 
     artificial intelligence, or any other computer-generated or 
     technological means, including by adapting, modifying, 
     manipulating, or altering an authentic visual depiction, 
     that, when viewed as a whole by a reasonable person, is 
     indistinguishable from an authentic visual depiction of the 
     individual.
       ``(C) Identifiable individual.--The term `identifiable 
     individual' means an individual--
       ``(i) who appears in whole or in part in an intimate visual 
     depiction; and
       ``(ii) whose face, likeness, or other distinguishing 
     characteristic (including a unique birthmark or other 
     recognizable feature) is displayed in connection with such 
     intimate visual depiction.
       ``(D) Interactive computer service.--The term `interactive 
     computer service' has the meaning given the term in section 
     230.
       ``(E) Intimate visual depiction.--The term `intimate visual 
     depiction' has the meaning given such term in section 1309 of 
     the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022 (15 U.S.C. 6851).
       ``(F) Minor.--The term `minor' means any individual under 
     the age of 18 years.
       ``(2) Offense involving authentic intimate visual 
     depictions.--
       ``(A) Involving adults.--Except as provided in subparagraph 
     (C), it shall be unlawful for any person, in interstate or 
     foreign commerce, to use an interactive computer service to 
     knowingly publish an intimate visual depiction of an 
     identifiable individual who is not a minor if--
       ``(i) the intimate visual depiction was obtained or created 
     under circumstances in which the person knew or reasonably 
     should have known the identifiable individual had a 
     reasonable expectation of privacy;
       ``(ii) what is depicted was not voluntarily exposed by the 
     identifiable individual in a public or commercial setting;
       ``(iii) what is depicted is not a matter of public concern; 
     and
       ``(iv) publication of the intimate visual depiction--

       ``(I) is intended to cause harm; or

[[Page S6784]]

       ``(II) causes harm, including psychological, financial, or 
     reputational harm, to the identifiable individual.

       ``(B) Involving minors.--Except as provided in subparagraph 
     (C), it shall be unlawful for any person, in interstate or 
     foreign commerce, to use an interactive computer service to 
     knowingly publish an intimate visual depiction of an 
     identifiable individual who is a minor with intent to--
       ``(i) abuse, humiliate, harass, or degrade the minor; or
       ``(ii) arouse or gratify the sexual desire of any person.
       ``(C) Exceptions.--Subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall not 
     apply to--
       ``(i) a lawfully authorized investigative, protective, or 
     intelligence activity of--

       ``(I) a law enforcement agency of the United States, a 
     State, or a political subdivision of a State; or
       ``(II) an intelligence agency of the United States;

       ``(ii) a disclosure made reasonably and in good faith--

       ``(I) to a law enforcement officer or agency;
       ``(II) as part of a document production or filing 
     associated with a legal proceeding;
       ``(III) as part of medical education, diagnosis, or 
     treatment or for a legitimate medical, scientific, or 
     education purpose;
       ``(IV) in the reporting of unlawful content or unsolicited 
     or unwelcome conduct or in pursuance of a legal, 
     professional, or other lawful obligation; or
       ``(V) to seek support or help with respect to the receipt 
     of an unsolicited intimate visual depiction;

       ``(iii) a disclosure reasonably intended to assist the 
     identifiable individual; or
       ``(iv) a person who possesses or publishes an intimate 
     visual depiction of himself or herself engaged in nudity or 
     sexually explicit conduct (as that term is defined in section 
     2256(2)(A) of title 18, United States Code).
       ``(3) Offense involving digital forgeries.--
       ``(A) Involving adults.--Except as provided in subparagraph 
     (C), it shall be unlawful for any person, in interstate or 
     foreign commerce, to use an interactive computer service to 
     knowingly publish a digital forgery of an identifiable 
     individual who is not a minor if--
       ``(i) the digital forgery was published without the consent 
     of the identifiable individual;
       ``(ii) what is depicted was not voluntarily exposed by the 
     identifiable individual in a public or commercial setting;
       ``(iii) what is depicted is not a matter of public concern; 
     and
       ``(iv) publication of the digital forgery--

       ``(I) is intended to cause harm; or
       ``(II) causes harm, including psychological, financial, or 
     reputational harm, to the identifiable individual.

       ``(B) Involving minors.--Except as provided in subparagraph 
     (C), it shall be unlawful for any person, in interstate or 
     foreign commerce, to use an interactive computer service to 
     knowingly publish a digital forgery of an identifiable 
     individual who is a minor with intent to--
       ``(i) abuse, humiliate, harass, or degrade the minor; or
       ``(ii) arouse or gratify the sexual desire of any person.
       ``(C) Exceptions.--Subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall not 
     apply to--
       ``(i) a lawfully authorized investigative, protective, or 
     intelligence activity of--

       ``(I) a law enforcement agency of the United States, a 
     State, or a political subdivision of a State; or
       ``(II) an intelligence agency of the United States;

       ``(ii) a disclosure made reasonably and in good faith--

       ``(I) to a law enforcement officer or agency;
       ``(II) as part of a document production or filing 
     associated with a legal proceeding;
       ``(III) as part of medical education, diagnosis, or 
     treatment or for a legitimate medical, scientific, or 
     education purpose;
       ``(IV) in the reporting of unlawful content or unsolicited 
     or unwelcome conduct or in pursuance of a legal, 
     professional, or other lawful obligation; or
       ``(V) to seek support or help with respect to the receipt 
     of an unsolicited intimate visual depiction;

       ``(iii) a disclosure reasonably intended to assist the 
     identifiable individual; or
       ``(iv) a person who possesses or publishes a digital 
     forgery of himself or herself engaged in nudity or sexually 
     explicit conduct (as that term is defined in section 
     2256(2)(A) of title 18, United States Code).
       ``(4) Penalties.--
       ``(A) Offenses involving adults.--Any person who violates 
     paragraph (2)(A) or (3)(A) shall be fined under title 18, 
     United States Code, imprisoned not more than 2 years, or 
     both.
       ``(B) Offenses involving minors.--Any person who violates 
     paragraph (2)(B) or (3)(B) shall be fined under title 18, 
     United States Code, imprisoned not more than 3 years, or 
     both.
       ``(5) Rules of construction.--For purposes of paragraphs 
     (2) and (3)--
       ``(A) the fact that the identifiable individual provided 
     consent for the creation of the intimate visual depiction 
     shall not establish that the individual provided consent for 
     the publication of the intimate visual depiction; and
       ``(B) the fact that the identifiable individual disclosed 
     the intimate visual depiction to another individual shall not 
     establish that the identifiable individual provided consent 
     for the publication of the intimate visual depiction by the 
     person alleged to have violated paragraph (2) or (3), 
     respectively.
       ``(6) Threats.--
       ``(A) Threats involving authentic intimate visual 
     depictions.--Any person who intentionally threatens to commit 
     an offense under paragraph (2) for the purpose of 
     intimidation, coercion, extortion, or to create mental 
     distress shall be punished as provided in paragraph (4).
       ``(B) Threats involving digital forgeries.--
       ``(i) Threats involving adults.--Any person who 
     intentionally threatens to commit an offense under paragraph 
     (3)(A) for the purpose of intimidation, coercion, extortion, 
     or to create mental distress shall be fined under title 18, 
     United States Code, imprisoned not more than 18 months, or 
     both.
       ``(ii) Threats involving minors.--Any person who 
     intentionally threatens to commit an offense under paragraph 
     (3)(B) for the purpose of intimidation, coercion, extortion, 
     or to create mental distress shall be fined under title 18, 
     United States Code, imprisoned not more than 30 months, or 
     both.
       ``(7) Forfeiture.--
       ``(A) In general.--The court, in imposing a sentence on any 
     person convicted of a violation of paragraph (2) or (3), 
     shall order, in addition to any other sentence imposed and 
     irrespective of any provision of State law, that the person 
     forfeit to the United States--
       ``(i) any material distributed in violation of that 
     paragraph;
       ``(ii) the person's interest in property, real or personal, 
     constituting or derived from any gross proceeds of the 
     violation, or any property traceable to such property, 
     obtained or retained directly or indirectly as a result of 
     the violation; and
       ``(iii) any personal property of the person used, or 
     intended to be used, in any manner or part, to commit or to 
     facilitate the commission of the violation.
       ``(B) Procedures.--Section 413 of the Controlled Substances 
     Act (21 U.S.C. 853), with the exception of subsections (a) 
     and (d), shall apply to the criminal forfeiture of property 
     under subparagraph (A).
       ``(8) Restitution.--The court shall order restitution for 
     an offense under paragraph (2) or (3) in the same manner as 
     under section 2264 of title 18, United States Code.
       ``(9) Rule of construction.--Nothing in this subsection 
     shall be construed to limit the application of any other 
     relevant law, including section 2252 of title 18, United 
     States Code.''.
       (b) Defenses.--Section 223(e)(1) of the Communications Act 
     of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 223(e)(1)) is amended by striking ``or 
     (d)'' and inserting ``, (d), or (h)''.
       (c) Technical and Conforming Amendment.--Subsection (i) of 
     section 223 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 
     223), as so redesignated by subsection (a), is amended by 
     inserting ``Definitions.--'' before ``For purposes of this 
     section''.

     SEC. 3. NOTICE AND REMOVAL OF NONCONSENSUAL INTIMATE VISUAL 
                   DEPICTIONS.

       (a) In General.--
       (1) Notice and removal process.--
       (A) Establishment.--Not later than 1 year after the date of 
     enactment of this Act, a covered platform shall establish a 
     process whereby an identifiable individual (or an authorized 
     person acting on behalf of such individual) may--
       (i) notify the covered platform of an intimate visual 
     depiction published on the covered platform that--

       (I) includes a depiction of the identifiable individual; 
     and
       (II) was published without the consent of the identifiable 
     individual; and

       (ii) submit a request for the covered platform to remove 
     such intimate visual depiction.
       (B) Requirements.--A notification and request for removal 
     of an intimate visual depiction submitted under the process 
     established under subparagraph (A) shall include, in 
     writing--
       (i) a physical or electronic signature of the identifiable 
     individual (or an authorized person acting on behalf of such 
     individual);
       (ii) an identification of, and information reasonably 
     sufficient for the covered platform to locate, the intimate 
     visual depiction of the identifiable individual;
       (iii) a brief statement that the identifiable individual 
     has a good faith belief that any intimate visual depiction 
     identified under clause (ii) is not consensual, including any 
     relevant information for the covered platform to determine 
     the intimate visual depiction was published without the 
     consent of the identifiable individual; and
       (iv) information sufficient to enable the covered platform 
     to contact the identifiable individual (or an authorized 
     person acting on behalf of such individual).
       (2) Notice of process.--A covered platform shall provide on 
     the platform a clear and conspicuous notice, which may be 
     provided through a clear and conspicuous link to another web 
     page or disclosure, of the notice and removal process 
     established under paragraph (1)(A) that--
       (A) is easy to read and in plain language; and
       (B) provides information regarding the responsibilities of 
     the covered platform under this section, including a 
     description of how an individual can submit a notification 
     and request for removal.

[[Page S6785]]

       (3) Removal of nonconsensual intimate visual depictions.--
     Upon receiving a valid removal request from an identifiable 
     individual (or an authorized person acting on behalf of such 
     individual) using the process described in paragraph 
     (1)(A)(ii), a covered platform shall, as soon as possible, 
     but not later than 48 hours after receiving such request--
       (A) remove the intimate visual depiction; and
       (B) make reasonable efforts to identify and remove any 
     known identical copies of such depiction.
       (4) Limitation on liability.--A covered platform shall not 
     be liable for any claim based on the covered platform's good 
     faith disabling of access to, or removal of, material claimed 
     to be a nonconsensual intimate visual depiction based on 
     facts or circumstances from which the unlawful publishing of 
     an intimate visual depiction is apparent, regardless of 
     whether the intimate visual depiction is ultimately 
     determined to be unlawful or not.
       (b) Enforcement by the Commission.--
       (1) Unfair or deceptive acts or practices.--A failure to 
     reasonably comply with the notice and takedown obligations 
     under subsection (a) shall be treated as a violation of a 
     rule defining an unfair or a deceptive act or practice under 
     section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 
     U.S.C. 57a(a)(1)(B)).
       (2) Powers of the commission.--
       (A) In general.--Except as provided in subparagraph (D), 
     the Commission shall enforce this section in the same manner, 
     by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, 
     and duties as though all applicable terms and provisions of 
     the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.) were 
     incorporated into and made a part of this section.
       (B) Privileges and immunities.--Any person who violates 
     this section shall be subject to the penalties and entitled 
     to the privileges and immunities provided in the Federal 
     Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.).
       (C) Authority preserved.--Nothing in this Act shall be 
     construed to limit the authority of the Federal Trade 
     Commission under any other provision of law.
       (D) Scope of jurisdiction.--Notwithstanding sections 4, 
     5(a)(2), or 6 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 
     44, 45(a)(2), 46), or any jurisdictional limitation of the 
     Commission, the Commission shall also enforce this section in 
     the same manner provided in subparagraph (A), with respect to 
     organizations that are not organized to carry on business for 
     their own profit or that of their members.

     SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS.

       In this Act:
       (1) Commission.--The term ``Commission'' means the Federal 
     Trade Commission.
       (2) Consent; digital forgery; identifiable individual; 
     intimate visual depiction.--The terms ``consent'', ``digital 
     forgery'', ``identifiable individual'', ``intimate visual 
     depiction'', and ``minor'' have the meaning given such terms 
     in section 223(h) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 
     U.S.C. 223), as added by section 2.
       (3) Covered platform.--
       (A) In general.--The term ``covered platform'' means a 
     website, online service, online application, or mobile 
     application--
       (i) that serves the public; and
       (ii)(I) that primarily provides a forum for user-generated 
     content, including messages, videos, images, games, and audio 
     files; or
       (II) for which it is in the regular course of trade or 
     business of the website, online service, online application, 
     or mobile application to publish, curate, host, or make 
     available content of nonconsensual intimate visual 
     depictions.
       (B) Exclusions.--The term ``covered platform'' shall not 
     include the following:
       (i) A provider of broadband internet access service (as 
     described in section 8.1(b) of title 47, Code of Federal 
     Regulations, or successor regulation).
       (ii) Electronic mail.
       (iii) Except as provided in subparagraph (A)(ii)(II), an 
     online service, application, or website--

       (I) that consists primarily of content that is not user 
     generated but is preselected by the provider of such online 
     service, application, or website; and
       (II) for which any chat, comment, or interactive 
     functionality is incidental to, directly related to, or 
     dependent on the provision of the content described in 
     subclause (I).

     SEC. 5. SEVERABILITY.

       If any provision of this Act, or an amendment made by this 
     Act, is determined to be unenforceable or invalid, the 
     remaining provisions of this Act and the amendments made by 
     this Act shall not be affected.

                          ____________________








[Page S6785]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                              APPOINTMENT

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the republican leader, 
pursuant to Public Law 117-263, and jointly with the Speaker of the 
House, announces the appointment of the following individual to serve 
as co-chairperson of the Commission on the Future of the Navy: Ms. 
Mackenzie Eaglen of Virginia.

                          ____________________








[Page S6785]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                    AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET

       Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I have one request for 
     committee to meet during today's session of the Senate. It 
     has the approval of the Majority and Minority Leaders.
       Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing 
     Rules of the Senate, the following committee is authorized to 
     meet during today's session of the Senate:

                    SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE

       The Select Committee on Intelligence is authorized to meet 
     during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, December 3, 
     2024, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a closed briefing.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6785-S6786]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                COLORADO RIVER SALINITY CONTROL FIX ACT

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be discharged from 
further consideration of S. 2514 and the Senate proceed to its 
immediate consideration.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (S. 2514) to amend the Colorado River Basin Salinity 
     Control Act to modify certain requirements applicable to 
     salinity control units, and for other purposes.

  There being no objection, the committee was discharged, and the 
Senate proceeded to consider the bill.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read 
a third time.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read 
the third time.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I know of no further debate on the bill.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the bill having 
been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass?
  The bill (S. 2514) was passed, as follows:

                                S. 2514

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Colorado River Salinity 
     Control Fix Act''.

     SEC. 2. SALINITY CONTROL UNITS.

       Section 205 of the Colorado River Basin Salinity Control 
     Act (43 U.S.C. 1595) is amended--
       (1) by striking the section designation and all that 
     follows through ``(a) The Secretary'' and inserting the 
     following:

     ``SEC. 205. SALINITY CONTROL UNITS; AUTHORITY AND FUNCTIONS 
                   OF THE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR.

       ``(a) Allocation of Costs.--The Secretary'';
       (2) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following:
       ``(1) Nonreimbursable costs; reimbursable costs.--
       ``(A) Nonreimbursable costs.--
       ``(i) In general.--In recognition of Federal responsibility 
     for the Colorado River as an interstate stream and for 
     international comity with Mexico, Federal ownership of the 
     land of the Colorado River Basin from which most of the 
     dissolved salts originate, and the policy established in the 
     Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) 
     and except as provided in clause (ii), the following shall be 
     nonreimbursable:

       ``(I) 75 percent of the total costs of construction and 
     replacement of each unit or separable feature of a unit 
     authorized by section 202(a)(1), including 90 percent of--

       ``(aa) the costs of operation and maintenance of each unit 
     or separable feature of a unit authorized by that section; 
     and
       ``(bb) the total costs of construction, operation, and 
     maintenance of the associated measures to replace incidental 
     fish and wildlife values foregone.

       ``(II) 75 percent of the total costs of construction and 
     replacement of each unit or separable feature of a unit 
     authorized by section 202(a)(2), including 100 percent of--

       ``(aa) the costs of operation and maintenance of each unit 
     or separable feature of a unit authorized by that section; 
     and
       ``(bb) the total costs of construction, operation, and 
     maintenance of the associated measures to replace incidental 
     fish and wildlife values foregone.

       ``(III) 75 percent of the total costs of construction, 
     operation, maintenance, and replacement of each unit or 
     separable feature of a unit authorized by section 202(a)(3), 
     including 75 percent of the total costs of construction, 
     operation, and maintenance of the associated measures to 
     replace incidental fish and wildlife values foregone.
       ``(IV) 70 percent of the total costs of construction, 
     operation, maintenance, and replacement of each unit or 
     separable feature of a unit authorized by paragraphs (4) and 
     (6) of section 202(a), including 70 percent of the total 
     costs of construction, operation, and maintenance of the 
     associated measures to replace incidental fish and wildlife 
     values foregone.

[[Page S6786]]

       ``(V) 70 percent of the total costs of construction and 
     replacement of each unit or separable feature of a unit 
     authorized by section 202(a)(5), including 100 percent of--

       ``(aa) the costs of operation and maintenance of each unit 
     or separable feature of a unit authorized by that section; 
     and
       ``(bb) the total costs of construction, operation, and 
     maintenance of the associated measures to replace incidental 
     fish and wildlife values foregone.

       ``(VI) 85 percent of the total costs of implementation of 
     the on-farm measures authorized by section 202(c), including 
     85 percent of the total costs of the associated measures to 
     replace incidental fish and wildlife values foregone.

       ``(ii) Special rule for nonreimbursable costs for fiscal 
     years 2024 and 2025.--Notwithstanding clause (i), for each of 
     fiscal years 2024 and 2025, the following shall be 
     nonreimbursable:

       ``(I) 75 percent of all costs described in clause (i)(I).
       ``(II) 75 percent of all costs described in clause (i)(II).
       ``(III) 70 percent of all costs described in clause (i)(V).
       ``(IV) The percentages of all costs described in subclauses 
     (III), (IV), and (VI) of clause (i).

       ``(B) Reimbursable costs.--The total costs remaining after 
     the allocations under clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph 
     (A) shall be reimbursable as provided for in paragraphs (2), 
     (3), (4), and (5).'';
       (3) in subsection (b), by striking the subsection 
     designation and all that follows through ``Costs of 
     construction'' in paragraph (1) and inserting the following:
       ``(b) Costs Payable From Lower Colorado River Basin 
     Development Fund.--
       ``(1) In general.--Costs of construction'';
       (4) in subsection (c), by striking ``(c) Costs of 
     construction'' and inserting the following:
       ``(c) Costs Payable From Upper Colorado River Basin Fund.--
     Costs of construction''; and
       (5) in subsection (e), by striking ``(e) The Secretary is'' 
     and inserting the following:
       ``(e) Upward Adjustment of Rates for Electrical Energy.--
     The Secretary is''.

  Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be 
considered made and laid upon the table.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Page S6786]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




             SHIRLEY CHISHOLM CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from 
further consideration of S. 4243 and the Senate proceed to its 
immediate consideration.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (S. 4243) to award posthumously the Congressional 
     Gold Medal to Shirley Chisholm.

  There being no objection, the committee was discharged, and the 
Senate proceeded to consider the bill.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous consent that the Butler amendment, which 
is at the desk, be considered and agreed to; and that the bill, as 
amended, be considered read a third time.
  The amendment (No. 3308) was agreed to.
  (The amendment is printed in today's Record under ``Text of 
Amendments.'')
  The bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading 
and was read the third time.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I know of no further debate on the bill, as amended.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the bill, as 
amended?
  Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question 
is, Shall the bill, as amended, pass?
  The bill (S. 4243), as amended, was passed, as follows:

                                S. 4243

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Shirley Chisholm 
     Congressional Gold Medal Act''.

     SEC. 2. FINDINGS.

       The Congress finds the following:
       (1) In 1968, Shirley Chisholm became the first African-
     American woman elected to Congress where she served until 
     1982.
       (2) Shirley Chisholm inspired and led the march of 
     political achievement by African Americans and women in the 3 
     decades since she ran for the Presidency of the United 
     States.
       (3) Her election to Congress and her candidacy for the 
     Presidency raised the profile and aspirations of all African 
     Americans and women in the field of politics.
       (4) Shirley Chisholm was recognized for her activism, 
     independence, and groundbreaking achievements in politics 
     during and after the civil rights era.
       (5) Shirley Chisholm was born in Brooklyn, New York, on 
     November 30, 1924, attended Brooklyn College, and earned a 
     master's degree from Columbia University.
       (6) Shirley Chisholm worked in education and social 
     services before being elected to the New York State Assembly 
     in 1964.
       (7) Shirley Chisholm established the Unity Democratic Club 
     in 1960, which played a significant role in rallying Black 
     and Hispanic voters in New York City.
       (8) In 1969, Shirley Chisholm began her service in the 91st 
     Congress, representing New York's 12th Congressional District 
     in the House of Representatives.
       (9) During her service in the House of Representatives, 
     Shirley Chisholm promoted the employment of women in Congress 
     and was vocal in her support of civil rights, women's rights, 
     and the poor, while fervently opposing the Vietnam War.
       (10) In 1972, Shirley Chisholm was the first African 
     American to seek the nomination of a major party for 
     President of the United States.
       (11) A historic figure in American political history, 
     Shirley Chisholm died at the age of 80 in Ormond Beach, 
     Florida, on New Year's Day 2005.

     SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL.

       (a) Presentation Authorized.--The Speaker of the House of 
     Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate 
     shall make appropriate arrangements for the posthumous 
     presentation, on behalf of the Congress, of a gold medal of 
     appropriate design in commemoration of Shirley Chisholm.
       (b) Design and Striking.--For purposes of the presentation 
     referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury 
     (referred to in this Act as the ``Secretary'') shall strike a 
     gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, 
     to be determined by the Secretary. The design shall bear an 
     image of, and an inscription of the name of, Shirley 
     Chisholm.
       (c) Smithsonian Institution.--
       (1) In general.--After the award of the gold medal referred 
     to in subsection (a), the gold medal shall be given to the 
     Smithsonian Institution, where it will be displayed as 
     appropriate and made available for research.
       (2) Sense of congress.--It is the sense of Congress that 
     the Smithsonian Institution should make the gold medal 
     received under paragraph (1) for display elsewhere, 
     particularly at other locations and events associated with 
     Shirley Chisholm.

     SEC. 4. DUPLICATE MEDALS.

       The Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of 
     the gold medal struck pursuant to section 3, at a price 
     sufficient to cover the costs of the medals, including labor, 
     materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses.

     SEC. 5. STATUS OF MEDALS.

       (a) National Medals.--Medals struck under this Act are 
     national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, 
     United States Code.
       (b) Numismatic Items.--For purposes of sections 5134 and 
     5136 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under 
     this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items.

     SEC. 6. AUTHORITY TO USE FUND AMOUNTS; PROCEEDS OF SALE.

       (a) Authority To Use Fund Amounts.--There is authorized to 
     be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise 
     Fund such amounts as may be necessary to pay for the costs of 
     the medals struck under this Act.
       (b) Proceeds of Sale.--Amounts received from the sale of 
     duplicate bronze medals authorized under section 4 shall be 
     deposited into the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund.

                          ____________________








[Page S6786]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                     GRANT TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2023

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 565, H.R. 5536.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (H.R. 5536) to require transparency in notices of 
     funding opportunity, and for other purposes.

  There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read 
a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made 
and laid upon the table.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The bill (H.R. 5536) was ordered to a third reading, was read the 
third time, and passed.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6786-S6787]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




     NATIONAL ADVISORY COUNCIL ON INDIAN EDUCATION IMPROVEMENT ACT

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from 
further consideration of S. 5355 and the Senate proceed to its 
immediate consideration.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.

[[Page S6787]]

  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (S. 5355) to ensure that the National Advisory 
     Council on Indian Education includes at least 1 member who is 
     the president of a Tribal College or University.

  There being no objection, the committee was discharged, and the 
Senate proceeded to consider the bill.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read 
a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made 
and laid upon the table.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The bill (S. 5355) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, 
was read the third time, and passed, as follows:

                                S. 5355

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``National Advisory Council on 
     Indian Education Improvement Act'' or the ``NACIE Improvement 
     Act''.

     SEC. 2. NATIONAL ADVISORY COUNCIL ON INDIAN EDUCATION.

       By not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of 
     this Act and notwithstanding any other provision of section 
     6141 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 
     (20 U.S.C. 7471), the President shall ensure that the 
     National Advisory Council on Indian Education established 
     under such section includes at least one member who is a 
     president of a Tribal College or University (as defined in 
     section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
     1059c(b)).

                          ____________________








[Pages S6787-S6788]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   INVENT HERE, MAKE HERE ACT OF 2024

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to the immediate consideration Calendar No. 475, S. 1956.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (S. 1956) to improve the commercialization of 
     Federal research by domestic manufacturers, and for other 
     purposes.

  There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, 
which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation, with an amendment to strike out all after the enacting 
clause and insert the part printed in italic as follows:

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Invent Here, Make Here Act 
     of 2024''.

     SEC. 2. IMPROVEMENT OF COMMERCIALIZATION OF FEDERAL RESEARCH 
                   BY DOMESTIC MANUFACTURERS.

       Section 2 of the National Institute of Standards and 
     Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272) is amended by adding at the 
     end the following:
       ``(f) Commercialization of Federal Research by Domestic 
     Manufacturers.--In order for the Institute to meet the need 
     described in section 1(a)(1) and most effectively carry out 
     the activities under subsection (c)(1) of this section, the 
     Director shall--
       ``(1) coordinate with the Secretary of Defense, the 
     Secretary of Energy, the Director of the National Science 
     Foundation, and industry organizations to identify domestic 
     manufacturers that can develop commercial products based on 
     completed research conducted by Federal agencies;
       ``(2) work with the Administrator of the Small Business 
     Administration to identify domestic investors to support the 
     development of commercial products based on research 
     conducted by Federal agencies; and
       ``(3) maintain a publicly accessible and searchable 
     database of domestic manufacturers and their capabilities 
     with respect to commercialization of federally funded 
     research.''.

     SEC. 3. STUDY AND COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF COMMERCIALIZATION 
                   OF FEDERAL RESEARCH BY DOMESTIC MANUFACTURERS.

       Not later than 540 days after the date of enactment of this 
     Act, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and 
     Technology shall--
       (1) complete a study and comprehensive review of the 
     commercialization of Federal research by domestic 
     manufacturers that--
       (A) addresses--
       (i) what barriers currently (as of the date on which the 
     study is completed) exist for domestic manufacturers to 
     commercialize Federal research; and
       (ii) what role investment and the availability of investors 
     plays in the encouragement or discouragement of the 
     commercialization of Federal research by domestic 
     manufacturers; and
       (B) provides recommendations for modifications to the 
     comprehensive strategic plan developed and implemented 
     pursuant to section 107 of the American Innovation and 
     Competitiveness Act (15 U.S.C. 272 note) to ensure that 
     Federal science, engineering, and technology research is 
     being transferred to domestic manufacturers to modernize 
     manufacturing processes in accordance with section 2(b)(1) of 
     the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 
     U.S.C. 272(b)(1)); and
       (2) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
     Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary 
     of the Senate, the Committee on Science, Space, and 
     Technology of the House of Representatives, and the Committee 
     on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report on 
     the findings of the Director with respect to the study and 
     review completed under paragraph (1).

     SEC. 4. PREFERENCE FOR UNITED STATES INDUSTRY.

       Section 204 of title 35, United States Code, is amended to 
     read as follows:

     ``Sec. 204. Preference for United States industry

       ``(a) Definitions.--In this section:
       ``(1) Country of concern.--The term `country of concern' 
     has the meaning given the term `covered nation' in section 
     4872(d) of title 10.
       ``(2) Relevant congressional committees.--The term 
     `relevant congressional committees' means--
       ``(A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
     Transportation of the Senate;
       ``(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate;
       ``(C) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of 
     the House of Representatives; and
       ``(D) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of 
     Representatives.
       ``(b) General Preference.--Notwithstanding any other 
     provision of this chapter, and subject to subsection (c), no 
     small business firm or nonprofit organization which receives 
     title to any subject invention and no assignee of any such 
     small business firm or nonprofit organization shall grant to 
     any person the exclusive right to use or sell any subject 
     invention in the United States unless such person agrees that 
     any products embodying the subject invention or produced 
     through the use of the subject invention will be manufactured 
     substantially in the United States.
       ``(c) Waivers.--
       ``(1) In general.--In individual cases, subject to 
     paragraphs (2) and (3), the Federal agency under whose 
     funding agreement the applicable subject invention was made 
     may waive the requirement for an agreement described in 
     subsection (b) upon a showing by the applicable small 
     business firm, nonprofit organization, or assignee that 
     reasonable but unsuccessful efforts have been made to grant 
     licenses on similar terms to potential licensees that would 
     be likely to manufacture substantially in the United States 
     or that under the circumstances domestic manufacture is not 
     commercially feasible.
       ``(2) Review timeline.--Not later than 90 days after the 
     date on which a Federal agency receives a request for a 
     waiver described in paragraph (1) and with respect to which 
     paragraph (3) does not apply, the Federal agency shall issue 
     a decision regarding whether to grant the request.
       ``(3) Prohibition on granting certain waivers without 
     presidential authorization.--If granting a waiver under 
     paragraph (1) would result in products embodying the 
     applicable subject invention or produced through the use of 
     the applicable subject invention being manufactured 
     substantially in a country of concern, the applicable Federal 
     agency may not grant the waiver without the written 
     authorization of the President (or a designee of the 
     President).
       ``(4) Annual report to congressional committees.--
       ``(A) In general.--Not later than 1 year after the date of 
     enactment of the Invent Here, Make Here Act of 2024, and 
     annually thereafter, each Federal agency with respect to 
     which, during the preceding year, a nonprofit organization or 
     small business firm that is a party to a funding agreement 
     with the Federal agency elected to retain title under section 
     202 to the subject invention that was the subject of that 
     funding agreement shall submit to the relevant congressional 
     committees a report that includes the information described 
     in subparagraph (B).
       ``(B) Contents.--Each report required under subparagraph 
     (A) shall include, for the period covered by the report--
       ``(i) with respect to each request received by the 
     applicable Federal agency for a waiver under this subsection, 
     information regarding--

       ``(I) the subject invention that is the subject of the 
     request;
       ``(II) the efforts made by the entity seeking the waiver to 
     grant the exclusive right to use or sell the applicable 
     subject invention to a person that would agree that any 
     products embodying the subject invention or produced through 
     the use of the subject invention would be manufactured 
     substantially in the United States; and
       ``(III) in which markets the products embodying the 
     applicable subject invention or produced through the use of 
     the applicable subject invention will be sold; and

       ``(ii) with respect to a small business firm or nonprofit 
     organization that is based in the United States and has 
     elected to retain title to a subject invention pursuant to 
     section 202, whether that firm or organization intends to 
     manufacture that subject invention in a foreign country for a 
     foreign market.
       ``(C) Preservation of confidentiality.--Each Federal agency 
     that is required to submit a report under this paragraph 
     shall preserve the confidentiality or trade sensitive nature 
     of all information included in each such report.''.

     SEC. 5. AMENDMENTS TO THE DIRECTORATE FOR TECHNOLOGY, 
                   INNOVATION, AND PARTNERSHIPS.

       Subtitle G of title III of the Research and Development, 
     Competition, and Innovation Act (42 U.S.C. 19101 et seq.) is 
     amended--
       (1) in section 10382--
       (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ``and'' after the 
     semicolon;
       (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and 
     inserting ``; and''; and
       (C) by adding at the end the following:

[[Page S6788]]

       ``(4) strongly encourage that products developed through 
     research funded by the Directorate will be manufactured in 
     the United States.'';
       (2) in section 10383--
       (A) in paragraph (2), in the matter preceding subparagraph 
     (A), by striking ``products,'' and inserting ``products that 
     will be manufactured in the United States,'';
       (B) in paragraph (4)(C), by inserting ``producing,'' after 
     ``capable of'';
       (C) in paragraph (6), by striking ``and'' after the 
     semicolon;
       (D) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end and 
     inserting ``; and''; and
       (E) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(8) develop industrial capacity to produce innovations 
     competitively in the United States for the global 
     marketplace.'';
       (3) in section 10384--
       (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ``and'' after the 
     semicolon;
       (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and 
     inserting ``; and''; and
       (C) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(3) maximizes economic benefits by ensuring that 
     innovations developed from research awards are produced in 
     the United States.'';
       (4) in section 10385--
       (A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ``and 
     commercialization'' and inserting ``commercialization, and 
     domestic production''; and
       (B) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ``and 
     commercialization'' and inserting ``commercialization, and 
     domestic production'';
       (5) in section 10386(b)(2), by inserting ``with domestic 
     manufacturing operations'' after ``private sector'';
       (6) in section 10389(a), by striking ``and 
     commercialization'' and inserting ``commercialization, and 
     domestic production'';
       (7) in section 10391(a), by striking ``and 
     commercialization'' and inserting ``commercialization, and 
     domestic production''; and
       (8) in section 10394(f)(5), by striking ``and, as 
     appropriate, commercializing'' and inserting ``, 
     commercializing, and producing''.

  Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported 
substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be 
considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to 
reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no 
intervening action or debate.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The committee-reported amendment, in the nature of a substitute, was 
agreed to.
  The bill (S. 1956), as amended, was ordered to be engrossed for a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed.

                          ____________________








[Page S6788]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




AMENDING THE MARINE DEBRIS ACT TO REAUTHORIZE THE MARINE DEBRIS PROGRAM 
         OF THE NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 479, S. 3277.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (S. 3277) to amend the Marine Debris Act to 
     reauthorize the Marine Debris Program of the National Oceanic 
     and Atmospheric Administration.

  There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, 
which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read 
a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered 
made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The bill (S. 3277) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, 
was read the third time, and passed as follows:

                                S. 3277

       Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
     the United States of America in Congress assembled,

     SECTION 1. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE MARINE DEBRIS PROGRAM OF 
                   THE NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC 
                   ADMINISTRATION.

       Section 9(a) of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1958(a)) 
     is amended by striking ``for'' the first place it appears and 
     all that follows through ``carrying out'' and inserting ``for 
     each of fiscal years 2018 through 2028 for carrying out''.

                          ____________________








[Page S6788]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                  THINK DIFFERENTLY TRANSPORTATION ACT

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 485, S. 4107.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (S. 4107) to require Amtrak to report to Congress 
     information on Amtrak compliance with the Americans with 
     Disabilities Act of 1990 with respect to trains and stations.

  There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, 
which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation, with an amendment to strike out all after the enacting 
clause and insert the part printed in italic as follows:

     SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

       This Act may be cited as the ``Think Differently 
     Transportation Act''.

     SEC. 2. REPORT ON AMTRAK ADA COMPLIANCE.

       Section 24315(b) of title 49, United States Code, is 
     amended--
       (1) in paragraph (1)--
       (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ``and'' at the end;
       (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end 
     and inserting a semicolon; and
       (C) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(D) shall include an action plan for bringing Amtrak-
     served stations that are not in compliance with the Americans 
     with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) into 
     compliance with such Act, as required by the settlement 
     agreement entered into in 2020 between Amtrak and the 
     Department of Justice;
       ``(E) shall include a status report on--
       ``(i) Amtrak-served stations for which Amtrak is solely 
     responsible for compliance with such Act based on a station 
     assessment carried out by Amtrak, including a timeline for 
     any required compliance with such Act, as required by the 
     settlement agreement;
       ``(ii) Amtrak-served stations for which Amtrak has a shared 
     responsibility for compliance with such Act based on a 
     station assessment carried out by Amtrak or by the party 
     responsible for such compliance, including a timeline for any 
     required compliance with such Act for the portions of the 
     station for which Amtrak is the responsible party consistent 
     with the terms of the settlement agreement, identifying who 
     is responsible for compliance (and the status of the 
     compliance of each responsible party with such Act) for such 
     portions and the timeline for compliance in cases in which 
     Amtrak is not the responsible party; and
       ``(iii) the status of compliance with such Act for all 
     Amtrak-served stations for which Amtrak is not the 
     responsible party, nor is responsible for a portion of the 
     station, and identify the entity or entities that have 
     responsibility for compliance with such Act, based on a 
     station assessment carried out by Amtrak or the party 
     responsible under such Act.''; and
       (2) by adding at the end the following:
       ``(3) Amtrak may meet the requirements described in clauses 
     (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (1)(E) by demonstrating that 
     Amtrak took reasonable measures to obtain cooperation from 
     responsible entities.
       ``(4) Amtrak shall submit the action plan and status report 
     required under subparagraphs (D) and (E) of paragraph (1)--
       ``(A) annually while the settlement agreement referred to 
     in paragraph (1)(D) is in effect; and
       ``(B) every 5 years beginning on the first day the 
     settlement is no longer in effect.''.

  Mr. SCHUMER. I further ask that the committee-reported substitute 
amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a 
third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered 
made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The committee-reported amendment, in the nature of a substitute, was 
agreed to.
  The bill (S. 4107), as amended, was ordered to be engrossed for a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6788-S6789]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




   TOOLS TO ADDRESS KNOWN EXPLOITATION BY IMMOBILIZING TECHNOLOGICAL 
                 DEEPFAKES ON WEBSITES AND NETWORKS ACT

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from 
further consideration of S. 4569 and the Senate proceed to its 
immediate consideration.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (S. 4569) to require covered platforms to remove 
     nonconsensual intimate visual depictions, and for other 
     purposes.

  There being no objection, the committee was discharged, and the 
Senate proceeded to consider the bill.
  Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I take seriously the stories of so many 
people who have had their lives torn apart by nonconsensual intimate 
imagery (NCII), and I share their urgency in addressing this scourge. 
To that end, I was happy to see the Senate pass the SHIELD Act earlier 
this year. I am all for taking on the criminals who terrorize others 
with nonconsensual or

[[Page S6789]]

deepfaked images. And I do not oppose incentivizing platforms to take 
this slime off their platforms when noticed of it. For these reasons, I 
am not objecting to the TAKE IT DOWN Act.
  However, I have concerns that the bill could threaten the 
availability of strong encryption, which is the single best tool to 
protect the privacy and security of all internet users. Specifically, 
the notice and takedown mechanism described in the bill could be 
understood to place a mandate on end-to-end encrypted communications 
providers to delete messages they cannot technically access. This would 
give providers no choice but to weaken their communications services to 
comply.
  I also have concerns that the takedown system could allow bad actors 
to take advantage of the system to remove legal, legitimate speech from 
the internet.
  These are solvable issues, and I regret that the bill's sponsors did 
not address them. If the TAKE IT DOWN Act becomes law, I will do 
everything within my power to hold the Federal Trade Commission 
accountable if it strays from the important mandate this bill creates 
and instead unfairly targets encrypted communications providers.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous consent that the Cruz-Klobuchar 
substitute amendment at the desk be agreed to; and that the bill, as 
amended, be considered read a third time.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The amendment (No. 3309), in the nature of a substitute, was agreed 
to.
  (The amendment is printed in today's Record under ``Text of 
Amendments.'')
  The bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading 
and was read the third time.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I know of no further debate on the bill, as amended.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the bill as 
amended?
  Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question 
is, Shall the bill pass?
  The bill (S. 4569), as amended, was passed.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be 
considered made and laid upon the table.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Page S6789]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW

  Mr. SCHUMER. If there is no further business to come before the 
Senate, I ask that it stand adjourned under the previous order.
  There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:22 p.m., adjourned until 
Wednesday, December 4, 2024, at 10 a.m.

                          ____________________








[Page S6789]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                 ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 2024

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, and finally, I ask unanimous consent that 
when the Senate completes its business today, it stand adjourned until 
10 a.m. on Wednesday, December 4; that following the prayer and pledge, 
the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the morning hour be 
deemed expired, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use 
later in the day, and morning business be closed; following the 
conclusion of morning business, the Senate proceed to executive session 
to resume consideration of the Brindisi nomination; further, that 
cloture motions filed during yesterday's session ripen at 11:45 a.m.; 
finally, that if any nominations are confirmed during Wednesday's 
session, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the 
table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Page S6789]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




REMEMBERING THE DECEMBER 6, 2019, TERRORIST ATTACK AT NAVAL AIR STATION 
                               PENSACOLA

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent the Senate 
proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 921, which is at the desk.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       A resolution (S. Res. 921) remembering the December 6, 
     2019, terrorist attack at Naval Air Station Pensacola and 
     commemorating those who lost their lives, and those who were 
     injured, in the line of duty.

  There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the 
resolution.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous consent the resolution be agreed to, the 
preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be considered 
made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The resolution (S. Res. 921) was agreed to.
  The preamble was agreed to.
  (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today's Record 
under ``Submitted Resolutions.'')

                          ____________________








[Page S6789]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




          NATIONAL HOMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTH AWARENESS MONTH

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 920, submitted earlier today.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       A resolution (S. Res. 920) designating November 2024 as 
     ``National Homeless Children and Youth Awareness Month''.

  There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the 
resolution.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous consent the resolution be agreed to, the 
preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be considered 
made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The resolution (S. Res. 920) was agreed to.
  The preamble was agreed to.
  (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today's Record 
under ``Submitted Resolutions.'')

                          ____________________








[Page S6789]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




  COMMISSION TO STUDY THE POTENTIAL TRANSFER OF THE WEITZMAN NATIONAL 
  MUSEUM OF AMERICAN JEWISH HISTORY TO THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION ACT

  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
Committee on Rules and Administration be discharged from further 
consideration of H.R. 7764 and the Senate proceed to its immediate 
consideration.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (H.R. 7764) to establish a commission to study the 
     potential transfer of the Weitzman National Museum of 
     American Jewish History to the Smithsonian Institution, and 
     for other purposes.

  There being no objection, the committee was discharged, and the 
Senate proceeded to consider the bill.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read 
a third time.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The bill was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I know of no further debate on the bill.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate on the bill, the 
bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill 
pass?
  The bill (H.R. 7764) was passed.
  Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be 
considered made and laid upon the table.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

                          ____________________








[Pages S6789-S6790]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                             CONFIRMATIONS

  Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate December 3, 2024:


                             THE JUDICIARY

       SPARKLE L. SOOKNANAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE 
     UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
       CATHERINE HENRY, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES 
     DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA.
       GAIL A. WEILHEIMER, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES 
     DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA.

[[Page S6790]]

  



                          IN THE MARINE CORPS

       THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED 
     STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, 
     U.S.C., SECTION 624:

                          To be major general

BRIG. GEN. WALKER M. FIELD
BRIG. GEN. JASON G. WOODWORTH





